1. Pour vinegar quantity\n 2. containers size\n 3. how many time rinse with distilled water
I need information about the percentage of vinegar.
know how much vinegar was used in each container\n  know what size/type of container to use\n  know how long each sample was rinsed in distilled water..
It is important to pour vinegar in 4 samples to stand for 24 hours and wash with distilled water.\n The stone has the greatest weight loss because it washed off calcium / calcification from it.\n Wood and plastic are constant
The place where the containers were located in\n Temperature of the place where the containers were\n The amount of vinegar placed on each recipient
The ml of vinegar added to each recipient\n The volume of the recipient\n The temperature around the recipient
I don't need any additional information. I need samples, containers and that it.
as additional information it is necessary to know the result of the experiment
the wood is the least affected element with the vinegar after 24 hours was not affected in any way the limestone is the most affected of all its variation of mass is very remarkable
mix 2 samples at the same time and let stand after 40 minutes, then analyze results and then perform the procedure with the other 2 samples
1. Can do procedure with more masses.\n 2. Its better to take equal weight of starting mass.\n 3. Instead of 24 hours keep masses in vinegar for some days for better results.
It is necessary to know the amount of vinegar and concentration
Measurement of vinegar to pour into the containers\n How determine the mass\n Do the sample materials need to be the same shape and surface area
The amount of vinegar added to each container is missing\n The capacity of the containers\n Temperature\n materials
I think that a metal such as iron and aluminum should be included in the experiment, in addition to using another type of acid, sulfuric and chloridic acid.
vinegar\n  material:Marble, Limestone, Wood, Plastic\n a scale to take the weight
I need to know how much vinegar is used in each sample.\n I need to know how much distilled water is used to clean the samples .\n I need to know the type of wood is. I mean from what tree he got the material
what is the level of purity of the marble\n what amount of moisture is contained in each samples\n what is the weight of each container
i need  to  know  the  acidic value of the  sample  elements.
It has to say what kind of material of the four types of sample it is not until the end that one deduces what they can be.\n You should also determine what the weight or average size of these samples should be.\n At the end you should check the results to know what they mean.
you need to know what amount of vinegar to put on each sample
after pouring the vinegar the mass should decrease or stay the same \n So next experiment they may watch for the mass difference
- The experiment itself does not merit replicate any.\n - The materials used as sample are of different type of hardness and therefore of resistance.\n - Vinegar, caused three of the materials used to be degraded in almost identical proportions.\n - The o
necesitaria los ingredientes exactos con el tiempo en que cada muestra va a ser colocada en cada recipiente la masa de cada muestra antes y despues del experimento
Size of the containers.\n Milliliters of vinegar to be added to the container.\n The samples must have the same size?
I NEED TO TAKE NOTE OF THE AMOUNT OF VINEGAR USED IN EACH OF THE CONTAINERS
la masa depende del material, ya que mientras más grande es el material, al mezclarse con el vinagre obtendrá mayor masa
Conditions of the experiment, i.e. temperature and pressure. Concentration of the vinegar.
Mármol : Misa de salida (g):9.8 Diferencia en masa (g):-0.4\n Caliza:   Misa de salida (g):10.4  Diferencia en masa (g): -1.3\n Madera: Misa de salida (g) : 11.2  Diferencia en masa (g):0.0
#NAME?
how the samples should be presented, in a single piece or several small or ground pieces
1- the condition where the sample put in\n 2- the temperature of the room where the sample put in\n 3- any additional external factors to the experiment
vidrio\n telas \n carton
physical chemical characteristics of marble.\n physical chemical characteristics of limestone.\n physical chemical characteristics of wood.\n physical chemical characteristics of plastic.\n Vinegar effect on each of the materials studied
Size of the containers.\n Milliliters of vinegar to be added to the container.\n The samples must have the same size?
Exact parts of samples from marble, limestone, wood and plastic are necessary for a correct scientific experiment.\n Acid rain occurs and is formed when the humidity of the air is combined with nitrogen oxides, sulfur dioxide or sulfur trioxide emitted by factories, power plants, heating boilers and vehicles that coal coal or petroleum products that contain sulfur
en vez de vertir el vinagre en recipientes idénticos, podrían ser en envases diferentes pero con la misma proporción para diferenciar
By what materials can I replace the samples?\n Can I do it with common water if I do not have distilled water?\n Can it be any type of vinegar?
iron, aluminum and copper
It's hard for a person who doesn't know bout this procedure as such. They should to explain why every single step says what it says. it looks right in general, but it would be better if  we could to know why they apply that procedure and that way being able to understand a better way.
after the experiment it was determined that the wood does not lose mass after a prolonged period of vinegar.\n the plastic as well as the wood is not affected by the vinegar and finally the limestone tends to be very affected by the vinegar
Method for determining the mass of the different samples.\n Amount of vinegar to be poured into containers.\n Size of containers used.
In order to replicate the experiment, the size and the surface area of each material sample must be provided. In addition, the temperatures during the 24 hours and 30 minutes drying are also important for replication.
None
the concentration of vinegar is needed, to know how it affects the limestone, the marble or the wood. I do not think any additional information is needed
me gusta en todo sus sentido ya que se aprende de la ciencia
I would need the masses to which the procedure will be made in this case marble, limestone and wood
This result describe too few information points.
Water and  NaCl
plastico marble limestone
What amount of vinegar should I place in the containers\n Can I rinse with normal water?\n Ir does not matter the type of material sample, for the wood if the sample is pine or oak?
You'll need a scale to measure the mass of each sample before and afterwards. You will also need distilled water and a suitable method of labelling your containers.
plastic marble limestone
I would need to know the exac amount of the reactive agents: vinegar and distilled water, if the samples need to stay in a humid or a dry environment and the specific kind of container to use.
The nature of materia that is provided,is it allowed to repeat experiment alone,is there that can go wrong with the results of measuring in the experiment
what kind of vinegar, alcoholic or not, ?\n what temp, samples need to be stored for 24h?
no se
Realización de muestreo: Las unidades de muestreo utilizadas para la determinación del peso específico (densidad relativa) deberán ser representativas de la cantidad de producto para la que se precisen los datos. Se recomiendan dos especímenes por muestra.
Determine la masa de cuatro muestras diferentes\n 9.8
I need four containers with lids, and samples of marble, limestone, wood and plastic that can fit into does containers. I need sufficient volume of vinegar to fill all containers so that samples can all be drown in it. And I need a scale to measure the mass.
The calixa sample had the greatest difference in mass.\n The marble sample had the second biggest difference.\n The plastic sample had a minimal difference.\n The wood sample did not have any loss of mass.
The experiment shows how the vinegar negatively affects the mass of the materials less in the wood
volume of each sample, in cubic centimeters\n density in grams per cubic centimeter of marble, limestone. wood and plastic\n vinegar concentration or molarity
It was determined the mass that presents each of the ingredients that were approved by putting them in contact with the vinegar
no need for additional information
wood, marble and limestone are excellent
The amount of vinegar in each sample. Size of the containers. Were the samples totally immersed in vinegar?
La cantidad mínima de masa usada puede necesitar ser incrementada para  poder obtener los dígitos mínimos necesarios para la masa de agua cuando se reporten contenidos de agua al más cercano 0.1% o como se indica en la Sección 10\n Cuando el espécimen para la prueba es una porción de una cantidad mayor de material, deberá ser seleccionado para ser representativo de la condición del agua de la totalidad del material. La manera en que se seleccione el espécimen depende del propósito y de la aplicación de la prueba, del tipo de material a  probar, de las condiciones de agua y del tipo de muestra. (De otra prueba,  bolsa, bloque o semejantes)
WHY VINEGAR IS NEEDED, SHOULD THE CONTAINER BE OF ANY SPECIFIC MATERIAL AND WHY DO WE NEED DISTILLED WATER?
It could be good to know the material of the container.\n I need to know the type of vinegar.\n How they determine de mass of the samples.
The addition of vinegar reduce the mass or let it be the same.
based on the study, we can conclude about the porosity of the materials provided. They are listed in the table. Marble - 0.4. limestone - 1.3 is the most porous.
I think you should use metals such as iron and aluminum, also use other acids such as sulfuric acid and chloridic acid.
Visual of each product at the end of the test, change of texture and color.
The volume of vinegar to use, where the samples should be left to dry (in the sun/indoors), the type of vinegar to use.
additional info needed would be:\n 1) concentration of the vinegar\n 2) the acidity level of the vinegar\n 3) quantity of distilled water that are being used to rinse each sample
Add Marble with Staring Mass at least 10.2g. Add Wood with Staring Mass at least 13g. Add Marble with Staring Mass at least 10.2g. Add Plastic with Staring Mass at least 7.3 g
take four samples\n add vinegar to them\n  rinse each sample with distilled water
the next steps is missing
How much vinegar do we pour? the same for all of them?\n Do the samples of materials go into the same container with the vinegar in it?\n do we cover the containers after we place the things in them?
1. Quantity of vinegar\n 2. Concentration of vinegar\n 3. Size of the container
quantity of vinegar need to be in each container\n quantity to be used from distilled water\n material that containers are made of
1- vinegar concentration.\n 2- the type of wood.\n 3- type of plastic.
at what temperature the containers should be
Need a scale, the samples and containers.
i will need chimical composition of each component, reaction between them and termic resistance
I would need, the ingredients
separate the mixtures\n \n when you join them you should shake enough\n \n You must leave all the corresponding sanitation
Nature of the materials (only given in the results table). \n What type of scale should I use
we need scales, another liquid like oil and soy sauce
This experiment shows the reaction to the Viangre that has a body of mass depending on its composition. In this case only the wood remained in its same volume while the other 3 lost mass.
chrbfgrtbvrtg
1.Should i wrap it? 2.Is this procedure work for limestone? 3.How to remove them from containers?
A notebook to study, compare and describe results.\n The instrument to determinate the mass.\n A plan to follow after recorded.
It is required to know in a more specific way the level of chemical concentration of the vinegar used.
marble percent is a little few
1, You would need to know what the four different samples are.\n 2. Are the samples all the same size and if so what if the size of each sample.\n 3. How much vinegar is poured into each container.
how do I determinate the mass of the samples at the beggining and at the end.
We need to know the mass of vinegar. All other materials (marble, wood, plastic and limestone) are given in the table.
What method should I use in order to determinate the mass of the samples?
Size of the container\n How much vinegar did they use?\n is the vinegar the same for all samples?
Some additional information that I would need are: amount and type of vinegar that was used,  size and type of container and how long each sample was rinsed.
How much vinegar should I pour in each container? How much distilled water should I rinse the samples with? How should I determine the mass for each sample?
Muestra\n Misa de salida (g)\n Misa final (g)\n Diferencia en masa (g)\n Mármol\n 9.0\n \n 9.3\n \n -0.8\n \n Caliza\n 10.4\n \n 8.7\n \n -0.3\n \n Madera\n 10.7\n \n 11.6\n \n 0.1\n \n El plastico\n 7.8\n \n 7.3\n \n -0.2
hace falta la formula a utilizar,  P=m.g , g=9.8m/seg2
1. Record the temperature to check if temperature could affect the result\n 2. Check the pH (the acid degree) and try with some other liquid acid\n 3. Mentioning if the container is closed with lid or not to check if the reaction with air can make the result different.
It is necessary to know the temperature of the vinegar. Know the concentration of vinegar and the amount of vinegar used to replicate the experiment.
Staring Mass, Ending Mass, Difference in Mass
Marble
why for materials vinegar, but not other substance was used? At what temperature did there take place the experiment? what practical application of this experience?
After all the procedure the wood is the only material that remained intact before the vinegar
how was each material weighed?  how was the material chosen? what kind of vinegar was used?
acid rain affects the type of material
Type of containers for samples\n Amount of vinegar for each container\n Average temperature for drying the samples
The amount of vinegar put in each container is never said to be equal. It should be said.\n I'd also need the room temperature, air himidity and a small description of the material used. Maybe if the material is too absorbent, a difference in the air's humidity and temperature could have an influence in the results.
usar la misma cantidad de cada muestra.\n Identificar en la etiqueta el nombre de cada muestra.\n La cantidad de vinagre debe ser la misma.
Additional information that would help to understand the experiment and replicate it better would be:\n 1.- the masses of the samples before placing it in the containers.\n 2.- the pH of acidity of the vinegar used in the experiment.
decimos que el water es las mehorsn ocion de la alidad e ske
kkj5356 4ed
1.- its about acid rain. 2.- vinegar can nt make acid rain. 3.- only the burned plastic and a lot f it will make acid the rain.
How much vinegar would I have to pour in each container? And, are conditions such as temperature, humidity, pressure, etc., important?
"I need first, when I must to determinate the initial mass, and I really don't understand the fourth step when they say ""rinse each sample with distilled water"", I think that could be a problem and can contaminate the sample."
Marble, Limestone and Wood are excellent components
material samples.\n the starting mass of the material.\n the ending mass of  the material
I would need to know what type of vinegar they used, how much vinegar was put into each container and what the containers were made of.
Additional information regarding temperature, pressure and density data  should be available for this experiment.
The ph/concentration of the vinegar solution.\n The amount of vinegar added to the containers.\n The type of plastic used in the experiment.
sample size, when you are given an experiment usually you get a sample size this is to kow what kind of containers, scale, others you will use. \n amount of vinegar, if is just to change the ph should at least say a few drops or something like that.\n where should i sit the cups to dry? is open air counter top good for the accuracy of the experiment?
1.  Measure and dissolve samples in four seperate container filled with vinegar\n 2.  Rinse with distilled water after 24 hours\n 3. Allow samples dry measure the final mass
You need to know the amount of vinegar that must be added to each sample, you have to record the temperature because it can affect the vinegar action. You also need to know the amount of water with which the samples are rinsed.
The materials to be used must be included. The exact amount of each material must be included. Explain the procedure and equipment to determine the mass.
chemical reaction takes place.\n most of the substances lose their mass except wood\n acid reacts on substances that cause reduction in their masses
The volume of vinegar will be needed to add more the specific weight of each sample
Need to know:\n 1. Can the material of containers change?\n 2. Could there be another study material.\n 3. The goal of the exponent.
Plastic
The volume of vinegar will be needed to add more the specific weight of each sample
The volume of vinegar will be needed to add more the specific weight of each sample
How much vinegar.\n  Sun ligth or not\n Free air or not
This is strange that  pour vinegar contained in Marble and Plastic could change it mass. I don't think it is possible to change their masses even if vinegar is placed for years.
repeat the experiment again with each sample
acid rain has reaction on all the substances as the report shows that these substances has lost most of their respective masses.
The density of the samples to be included.
sirkeli malzemelerin ağırlığı,distile su ile yıkanınca ağırlığı ve malzeme kaplarının hacmi
kütle değerleri farklı\n hacim değerleri birbirine yakın\n istenilen potansiyeller alınabilir.
I would want to know how much vinegar was used per sample\n I would want to know how porous the samples are\n I would want to know the length of the samples used
#NAME?
To conduct such an experiment and its repetition, you should consider the temperature of the medium. I think it will affect the results.
How much vinegar must be used for four different samples? Do we submerge the whole sample in vinegar or just half is good? \n Should the containers labeled with 4 different samples be covered, when we leave it for 24 hours.  \n Where should we keep the 4 samples for drying after rinsing with distilled water, in a container or something else, without affecting its Ending Mass?
How big containers should be?\n How much vinegar should I pour in containers?\n How big samples of different materials should be?
How big do containers have to be in relation to the size of samples?\n What is the range of allowable size for samples?\n Does each sample have to belong to fixed rock types?
What vinegar to use? What is the size of each container? A digital balance is required for weighing?
The volume of vinegar used for each sample and the specific weight of the sample are needed
The wood does not change at all.\n Limestone is what makes the biggest difference.\n The plastic presence of the second minor difference in mass
1) How much vinegar should be poured into each container?\n 2) What information should I give on the label?\n 3) What should be used for the accuracy of the scale?
which amount of vinegar should be purged? Can I use ordinary water instead of distilled water?\n whether the samples are dried at room temperature\n ?
1. The amount of vinegar used\n 2. The type of vinegar used\n 3.  What material each of the four samples was made from
I do not understand why why this material Limestone loss from mass. What is different and why wood do not loss maass?
1. I would need to know  if the samples where left under clear skies or where kept under roof.  Enviromental factors would drastically affect the results.\n 2. If kept outside, it would be good to know the weather conditions of those 24 hours.\n 3. Lastly, was the piece of wood some kind of branch or was it actualli treated wood, with some kind of resin.
in modern physics every weight depends on its mass and size
What temperature vinegar?\n What is the fill level of the container?\n What is the volume of the container?
Samples of four different material, Staring Mass (g) and Ending Mass(g)  of each sample.
La respuesta más correcta  es: a. ... Volumen respectivo para diferentes masas de los materiales M y K. los ... Los recipientes A y B contienen muestras de un sólido. ... Si son diferentes, puesto que cada uno tiene una densidad .... Quede en el recipiente el líquido W y la sal disuelta c.
You need to know vinegar and water quantities and count everything on the mass unit of material.
shape of samples\n concentration of vinegar\n how is mass determined
Type of vineyard used, amount, and level ph
it could not be possible that wood have no reaction.
Another different samples\n vinegar\n Additional time
The concentration of the vinegar. The volume of vinagar in each container. Are the vinagar in each container has same volume?
i need more info about the weight, the shape, and hollow viscous
which is the shape of the material,  quality of vinegar,  quantity of vinegar,  quantity of material
QUANTITY OF MASS FOR EACH SAMPLE\n AMOUNT OF VINEGAR FOR EACH SAMPLE\n TEMPERATURE OF THE ENVIRONMENT
the experiment shows that the vinegar acts on all the materials corroding them except for the wood that resist the reaction
I would ask for the size of the samples, if they have to be approximately the same size, or is that irrelevant?\n What kind of containers are required, similar to lab equipment, i.e. glass, or can any kind or container be all right?\n Is the vinegar household vinegar, or any special kind?
"Pour an identical amount of vinegar in identical containers.\n What is the weight difference for all samples?\n Use four samples; marble, limestone, wood and plastic."
First, I'd like to know what kind of vinegar was used for this experiment. \n Are  any special conditions required in laboratory? What were the containers made of?\n  Were they wide open or had lids?
I would need plastic containers, distilled water and labels to label the containers.
Put tank in a mall.
How much vinegar need to be poured?  How much time should the samples be rinsed? Which different samples should be picked up initially?
From the above we can conclude that all the 4 items placed in 4 containers are different in size and shape and in material when exposed to vinegar which is acidic in nature , that dissolved gave a result of slight change in shape and so there wont be any thing need to for the experiment to be replicated it is already is perfect.
I need to know the quantity of vinegar that was used, if the containers where covered and where I have to allow the samples to sit and dry.
the experiment shows that the wood does not undergo any alteration from the vinegar while the limestone is the most attached
Surface area of the sample\n Vinegar capacity\n The time when vinegar is put in is different
I don't think I need anything else to replicate this experiment, but they can point out how did they do the measurements and it can be writed with more precision and simplicity
youd need to have to know the size of the container, what was used on the samples for liquid as far as type of vinegar and its not in a controlled environment
I would need the new raw samples, a balance, heating device and clean new, containers
using digital balance\n dryer to remove any wet\n scaled containers..with marks to read the volume exectly
1. For the experiment it is necessary to know the amount of vinegar.\n 2. how each sample should be labeled.\n 3. in what room should be samples? Light or dark? Warm or cool?
The average between the input and output data. I think that the mean and variance estimators should be placed in the next two columns. as additional data.
How many degrees has te vinegar\n What kind of vinegar is used\n In which atmospheral conditions is the experiment run
To replicate the experiment will be needed vinegar, marble, limestone, wood and plastic. Plus the containers
"first I need to know the hypothesis of the experiment to make sure whether it is supported or not which is ""after 24 hours soaking 4 different samples in vinager, the sample that has the smallest change in mass is the least one affected by acid rain from vinager"" then I need to know the exact volume of Vinegar to be added to the four samples to make sure that it is constant for the 4 samples.\n Also It is prefered to have constant weight of the 4 matrials as the time is costant (24 hours) so the intial mass prefered to be contant too to have more accurate data and I should have more trials at least three trials to have accurate results."
in the samples we can observe that the wood maintained its same mass, while in the other tests there was a small fraction of loss in some elements.
What kind of tree is it? What is the thickness of the samples? How much is vinegar?
The temperature, surface area of the samples needs to be the same.\n Needs the information about the container material and volume.\n Needs a step on how to calculate the difference in mass saying that is in need of doing a table. Realize a table with the results adding an extra column with the difference in mass calculated with the Ending Mass - Starting Mass.
temperature of the zone of experience\n weight \n volume of the recipients
Not applicable
limestone lost more mass compared to plastic and wood did not become altered
repeat the experiment with the same steps but using different materials
Why would one use vinegar in particular? Can the same experiment by done with other substances? Any other conditions that need to be met when running this test to get meaningful data?
Include initial and final value of the color, texture and shape of the materials could provide more detailed results
Use this data to determaine result
after 30 minutes of limestone with more changes and the scale of changes in the wood did not suffer alterations of any kind
1. What amount of vinegar we need to use?\n 2. Do we need special environment during the experiment?\n 3. What tools we need to use?
After 24 hours, colect and mesure the vinegar left on the samples
You need to know how long each sample was rinsed in distilled water,  what drying method to use and   what size/type of container to use.
Определите массу каждого образца,Определите массу четырех разных образцов
sieve the sample
increase the sample size\n Verify that the samples are completely covered by the vinegar
Size of each sample\n Volume for container
"I would need information about the geometric form of the samples; the specific kind of material (which kind of wood should I use); can I use common vinegar, or should I use a specific brand?"
kkkk
1. the ph of the vinegar\n 2. greater specification of the materials, such as plastic type its formula.\n 3. know if the materials were covered completely by the vinegar
dddkdkd
Exact type of vinegar\n Exact type of wood\n Exact type of plastic\n Sources for Limestone and Marble
materiel of containers\n volume/capacity of containers\n vinegar volume/mass
when we put the samples of material into one container and label.the mass after doing the experiment decrease
the mass of departure is subtracted with the final mass and the result is the difference in mass
- this experiment will prove the reaction of the material to acidic water\n - the dose of acidic water must be written. For example: 50 ml / liter\n - determine the possibilities that occur from the reaction
is plastic, wood
1.\n WHAT CHARACTERISTICS PRESENT THE ELEMENTS AFTER THE EXPERIMENT?\n 2.\n CHANGED COLOR?\n 3.\n ROOM TEMPERATURE
I would need to know what acid rain is usually comprised of, how vinegar compares to acid rain, and whether all of the samples were completely dry after 30 minutes. I don't think wood would be dry in that amount of time.
112
1: The volume of vinegar in each container\n 2:The type of vinegar used, e.g. balsamic, apple cider, malt\n 3: Where to store the samples e.g. dark room, fridge, window ledge
They should perform a test with a liquid with characteristics similar to those of vinegar. \n They can extend the time from 24 hours to 48 hours.
I would need to know what type of vinegar is being used as there are different types with different strengths that could affect the outcome.  I think it needs to be stressed that the samples are only rinsed and not wiped with a towel as that too could affect the outcome as well as how long the samples should be rinsed. The longer the rinse, more mass could be washed off.
How was determined the mass of the samples?\n How did the materials for the samples had been choosen?\n How much vinager was poured in the containers?\n What type of containers were used?
what is the name of material needed.\n \n How much vinegar should be poured.\n \n what temperature should be of experiment.
1.- Temperature of the containers\n 2.- Pressure of the containers\n 3.- Amount of vinegar
1. concentration of vinegar\n 2. volume of the container\n 3. Specific density of samples
Acid least affects wood.
(1) Know the room temperature. (2) Whether the the type of vinegar matters (normal vinegar, balsamic, cider, wine etc.) (3) Have an idea what the label should say 1, 2, 3, 4 or something else?).
The weight of the materials involved in the experiment. You need to know the starting weight to determine the amount of substance you have taken. It would also be important to know the drying temperature.
11.2\n \n 11.2\n \n 0.0\n \n El plastico\n 7.2\n \n 7.1\n \n -0.1
Type of vinegar, also its concentration\n Material of the sample's container\n Drying method employed
very good job dude, this is very nice fucking record
For wood there is not difference in mass, but for marble is lower.
in acid rain the mass of  4 diffrent samples are \n marble- 92.12\n limestone-  94.64\n wood - 125.44\n plastic -51.12
07. Apr
07. Mrz
Determine which  outer surface  each sample must have?
tener el peso del resipiente y pesarlo tanto con la muestra como sin ella
1
Well they could have done the procedure if they waited 24 hours since it was not necessary to wait so long
Wood
Determine the mass of four different samples.\n Pour vinegar in each of four separate, but identical, containers.\n Place a sample of one material into one container and label. Repeat with remaining samples, placing a single sample into a single container.\n After 24 hours, remove the samples from the containers and rinse each sample with distilled water.
1) How much vinegar should be used with each sample.\n 2) What amount of material should be used e.g. 1 kilogram of wood\n 3) When the material is allowed allowed to dry should it be placed on a paper towel, solid surface etc.
Where did the samples come from? What type of containers were used?  What were the sizes of the containers?
The volume of the containers, the quantity of vinegar used, the temperature that the containers were kept at. To be picky, the shape and size of the samples. Besides that, I could repeat the experiment with the information given.
If i were to replicate the experiment I would need to know what kind of vinegar was used and why. I would like to understand how the mass changed so much in some materials and not others so i can write a hypothesis. I would need additional information about the temperature of the experiment, the altitude, the gravity.
I would repeat the experiment selecting three types of vinegar (apple, white wine and rice)
no need for additional information
The size of each of the four samples is needed. Should they be equal or not?
Determine la masa de cuatro muestras diferentes.\n Vierta el vinagre en cada uno de los cuatro recipientes separados, pero idénticos.\n Coloque una muestra de un material en un recipiente y etiquételo. Repita con las muestras restantes, colocando una sola muestra en un solo recipiente.\n Después de 24 horas, retire las muestras de los recipientes y enjuague cada muestra con agua destilada.\n Deje que las muestras se asienten y se sequen durante 30 minutos.\n Determine la masa de cada muestra.
con mayor imformacion
Determine the mass of four different samples.\n Pour vinegar in each of four separate, but identical, containers.\n Place a sample of one material into one container and label. Repeat with remaining samples, placing a single sample into a single container.\n After 24 hours, remove the samples from the containers and rinse each sample with distilled water.\n Allow the samples to sit and dry for 30 minutes.\n Determine the mass of each sample
the formula is needed to determine the mass of the samples, to replicate the experiment.
Know how much vinegar was used in each container.\n Know what type of vinegar was used in each container.\n Know what materials to test.
I would need to know the kind of vinegar that was used, and were the objects put into the vinegar wet or dry.  What kind of plastic was used?
Instruments, tools and sizes
At what temperature does the samples need to rest 24 hours?
The quantity of vinegar that you should pour\n The minimum mass of the samples\n The fact that at the end you have to determine the difference in mass
the procedure is clear and no additional change is needed to replicate the experiment.
What amount of vinegar was used?\n How was the mass measured?\n Why was vinegar chosen?  What is the reason for the distilled water rather than tap water?
1) Balance for weighting samples before and after experiment.\n 2) Temporary.\n 3)Water Filter.
wood
12.8 12.4 0.1
dual case, the mass is most little
The exact ammount of vinegar poured into each container.\n The material of the containers.\n The temperature, and other conditions at which the samples were left during the 24 hours.\n The mass measurement instrument and procedure.
The mass for Wood didn't change during the experiment. For the three other samples i got lower mass for each sample.
There was no mass changed in wood. The best mass changed was limestone. Even plastic has a downgrade in mass.
I would need to know the amount of vinegar that should be poured.
Mass of the container, Material of the container, Quantity of vinegar used.
determine the mass of four different objects by pouring vinegar into four containers equally, label and place a different sample in each container of the following elements: limestone, marble, wood, plastic
marble
The volume of the samples, the specific types of materials (wood: oak, rosewood, etc.), size of the container
what size containers, how many fl oz of vinegar
To replicate the experiment I think it is convenient to have as additional information the chemistry of each element used, atomic and molecular structures to perform a test with greater precision to obtain more accurate results.
the different masses are compared, both the initial and the final masses to observe the results obtained and the change produced by the experiment.
1. How much vinegar [exact volume] is added to the containers?\n 2. Measuring scale used to determine the mass of samples.\n 3. Type of wood uses, as there is no change in mass [it must be a special wood to not to react with vinegar]
The mass difference can be related to the abrasion of the vinegar to each sample. \n \n The wood can be more likely to change it density to the original after the dry proccess, what makes it have the same mass that it had in the begining of the experiment. \n \n The other samples, could change it's composition after the exposure to the vinegar.
In order to replicate the experiment you would need additional information such as how much\n vinegar in milliliters  was poured into each container. Additionally, you would need to know\n how large the containers were and how much and for how long the samples were rinsed with\n distilled water.
You need:\n 1. mass or volume of vinegar.\n 2. vinegar concentration.\n 3. quantities of disstilled water.
all information is here
1. the amount of vinegar poured to the samples.\n 2. Estimate the surface areas of each samples.\n 3. The temperature of the location where the containers will be put to.
What was the concentration of vinegar? Did the vinegar mix in the containers and with what device? At what temperature were the samples dried after rinsing with distilled water
i will need molecular mass of this samples and also vinegar. And also will need the specific temperature.
1. How much vinegar should be put into the container of the sample?\n 2. what equipment to use to measure the mass?\n 3. what is the formula to find the difference in mass?
All 4 monctries are simultaneously experimented\n In Experiment 2, the duration was increased to 10 minutes
Density of each sample\n The quality of the monastery's surface\n The temperature of the vinegar
what type of vinegar was used\n how much vinegar was used\n what kind of container was used
Place a sample of one material into one container and label. Repeat with remaining samples, placing a single sample into a single container\n Allow the samples to sit and dry for 30 minutes
What kind of vinegar should be used?\n Should all the different materials have the same surface?\n Which should be the containers measures in relation with the materials surface?\n Should the materials be fully covered by the vinegar?
Kind of Samples, approximate size of samples, kind of vinegar, kind of container (glass or any other)
Marble              9.00       8.5       -0.5\n Limestone        300       308      +8\n Wood                   12          12         0.0\n Plastic                  500        490     -10
do not add vinegar to the plastic
Examine vinegar and water. Where are parts of the samples?
The volume of vinegar poured into each container\n room temperature at which the experiment was conducted\n the material of the container
amount of vinegar added in each sample. Weight loss at due to reaction of sample material with vinegar. Amount of concentration of vinegar in each sample. High concentration should have high reaction and weight reduction effect
"The volume of vinegar used; the temperature of the outside environment; what type of containers were used."
Was the marble pure because the acid can remove the other particles when it was in the acid test . The limestone will loss its weight owing to acid reaction in it and the wood can gain some wight owing to absorbing acid as well as distilled water but after dry it , its weight was same for evaporation of the liquids . Plastic can't resolve much and the difference in mass may be negligible in mass .
Maybe I'd need to know the room temperature, the exposition to natural/artificial light and the material of the four containers.
Three identical thermometers: to be suspended in the containers so that water\n temperature can be measured.
for additional experimentation, you need to determine the mass of sulfur oxides and nitrogen, hydrogen chloride and other acid-forming compounds
have a loss of mass compared to the initial that each product had in the case of wood is the only one that after the experiment does not lose mass.
The students can try to use lemon juice to substitute to vinegar in making an acid rain.\n The students can use other materials as sample to test their mass.\n Allow samples to sit on the solution for a longer time to test if it is effective.
How do you determine the mass of each sample?\n How much vinegar do you need to put in each container, should the sample be totally covered by the vinegar and in case the sample floats on the vinegar should you press it down?\n Where do you keep the containers and in which conditions?
1. Types of different sample.\n 2. Temperature to store the containers overnight.\n 3. Quantity or size of samples.
Weigh the samples before adding to the container\n \n the samples should be completely submerged in the vinegar\n Make sure that the samples are completely clean before entering the container
poliester,vidrio,metal
make sure each container contains the same amount of vinegar.\n list down the reactions which takes place with lime stone +vinegar and marble + vinegar.
I would need the room temperature, materials temperature and volume and the staring volume of the vinegar.
- is the room temperature important?\n - if the mass of vinegar is not important, why I need the containers the same size?\n - wood will be wet after 24h in vinegar, how will I dry it in 30 minutes?
Use cylindrical tubes to deposit the samples, try to mix with aqueous solution and check each sample, use a filter to separate the water from the samples and see how much is left.
Determine the mass of four different samples.\n Pour vinegar in each of four separate, but identical, containers.\n Place a sample of one material into one container and label. Repeat with remaining samples, placing a single sample into a single container.\n After 24 hours, remove the samples from the containers and rinse each sample with distilled water.\n Allow the samples to sit and dry for 30 minutes.\n Determine the mass of each sample.
Since weight is a force, scientists also write the equation as F = mg.\n F = weight symbol, measured in Newtons, N.\n m = mass symbol, measured in kilograms or kg
what was the volume of vinegar?\n what were the volumes of containers?\n what was the temperature the samples stayed for 24 h?
Additional, but very important information for me is how is acid rain connected to vinegar and what is the amount of vinegar to use in the experiment. The procedure is written good and I could replicate it easily but it is about how vinegar reacts on mass of Marble, Limestone,Wood and Plastic.
the three materials marble,limestone and plastic lost their masses after pouring vinegar after 24 hours but the mass of the wood was same as before this experiment .
#NAME?
The most resistant to acid wood, a slight loss of weight showed plastic-0.1 g and marble-0.4 g. The least stable was limestone - minus 1.3 g.
Theory about deterioration of materials by acid rain and rate in it will happen. Previous information about other experiments. The size of the samples.
1. use citric acid\n 2. use piece of soil\n 3. determine visual changes
they could proceed without problems regarding the 24-hour wait
How to determine the mass ?, and in which part of the experiment is the samples mentioned?
45
Shape and size of samples (grated, powdered, cubes, spheres, etc)\n Quantity of vinegar.\n Concentration of acid in vinegar.\n Temperature of experiment.
Determine the mass
I need to know the status of the wood, does it need to be dry or  wet before the experiment? Is it in its natural condition, without any adition of chemicals (varnish)? and does the containers need to be expose or do we cover them?
38 kg
we know formula of vinegar and also  a solution contain in conainer then  we subtract into it\n then also find    percentage error
1.  Use light weight plastic.\n 2. Make a hole in plastic to hang.
based on the data in the table, it can be concluded that the samples A and B stretched (A 2 cm, B 1 cm), the sample C shrunk, and the sample D remained unchanged.
Conclusions:\n Different polymer plastics have different stretchability\n Plastic sample A has the least amount of stretchability compared to the other polymer\n plastics. \n Plastic sample B has more stretchability than the other polymer plastics. \n \n Describe two ways the student could have improved the experimental design and/or validity of the results\n Indicate how many weights were added to the clamps\n Provide the before and after measurements for length
Take the plastic and put a piece on one side while the other one is firm. After 5 minutes, you can see the stretching of the material.\n Different plastics vary exponentially.
The amount of weight added to the types\n The initial length of the types\n The amount of tape put on each type
a. Material D was the more stretchable and material A  stretched more on the second trial\n b. They could have performed 3 trials in total and then calculate an average
first two samples have bigger length, sample c have some shortage and sample d stay same length.\n You must same conditions for every sample, and watch exactly that weight is same for every sample.
at first glance, according to the results, the first sample is more elastic. he was able to improve the results by adding equal weights to each sample and using samples of the same length
UNA is the most elastic polymer of all in the experiment, the RE did not see any variation
take 3 types of plastic one more flexible than another, each plastic will be put to hold the same weight, after 1 elapsed one day the weight is removed and you see that plastic stretched more and which stretched less
Conclusion: There is minor difference after stretching plastic.\n 1. To improve the result student should increase time period of experiment, e.g instead of 5 minutes 1 hours. \n 2. to validate results student should repeat same procedure more than 2 times.
а.Different types of plastic stretch unequally\n в. 1)Plastic needed with the same length, width and thickness\n    2)Need the same temperature of plastic and the environment
a. The plastics have varying levels of stretch/elasticity. From least stretch to most: A, C, D, B.\n b. Does not state if the width or thickness of plastic was measured, these would need to be uniform across the plastic types for valid conclusions to be drawn.
the whole procedure is perfect
Conclusion: plastic is a malleable material, is deformed with the application of efforts. The student was able to leave more time the weights placed to the sample and could also use a source of heat to better visualize the process.
take the mass of each weight to know the resistance of the materia\n take the data of plastic fracture
The experiment concludes that not all the plastics reacts in same manner. Depending on which type of polymers are used on each sample we can get different results.\n The experiments might be improved using the same forces on each sample, and knowing the weight of the elements added to the clamps to make strength.
plastic type A has the highest elasticity rate\n avoid zero error when measuring the length of the plastic
the elasticity  of  the  plastic is double the length of it before it is elongated.
the experiment would have more validity if at the end of the collected data had made some conclusions that contrast the results obtained
measure the actual size, tie a weight on one side and grab it by the other hand wait for a moment to remove the weight and then measure the resulting size
Fort most of the samples amount stretched was bigger in the second trial than the first one\n conclusion can be generaized that that seconde trial stretch is usually bigger than first trial
- The plastics used, according to their elasticity, responded positively in response to the weight load to which they were exposed. Only one of them remained with its properties and values ​​intact.\n - To be able to suggest a new experimental design 
repetiria el proceso para la muestra do ya que el resultado no parece logico
The plastic D is the one that has lower elasticity.  The plastic C can be like a spring, since in the second test it shrunk. Plastic a and B have good elasticity.\n To improve the experiment it is necessary to specify that the plastic samples must have the same lengths.
A) NOT ALL TYPES OF PLASTIC ARE STRETCHED WITH THE WEIGHT USED                                                                       B) MEASURE THE PRESSURE OF THE CLAMP AND PLACE THE SAME WEIGHT (GRAMS) IN EACH OF THE SAMPLES
podemos identificar que a mayor peso el plástico tiende a estirarse, a consecuencia del peso
a. The different types of plastic have different elasticities.\n b. Measure the plastics with the weight still on. Perform more trials to get better statistics.
#NAME?
a-Plastic Type B has highest  stretchability.b- use clamps insted of tape .
1 Sample 3  present inconsistency because instead of being longer they have a shorter length after the experiment\n 2 Before placing the weight make two marks on the sample, one superor and the other lower and measure the distance between these marks. After allowing the 5 minutes to pass, do not remove the weight and re-measure the distance between the marks and that is the measure to be taken
1- the weights of the clamp\n 2- the weight of each weight\n 3- any additional external factors to the experiment
1- agarrar el tiempo de la muestra\n 2-experimentar con el plastico mas blando
a. the added weight is able to lengthen the plastics studied\n \n b. increase the number of samples, increase the number of repetitions
The plastic D is the one that has lower elasticity.  The plastic C can be like a spring, since in the second test it shrunk. Plastic a and B have good elasticity.\n To improve the experiment it is necessary to specify that the plastic samples must have the same lengths.
"The majority of polymers, badly called plastics, that we know and are part of our daily life are solid and of the most capricious forms. But in order to adopt these forms, polymers must be worked as liquids: dissolved or molten. It is therefore important to have suitable solvents for plastics. One of the most common polymers that we all know is the porexpan or white cork"", used in packaging. At the molecular level, it is a low molecular weight polystyrene (which is why it is used for packing) in which gas bubbles are trapped. Polystyrene is very soluble in acetone, especially in its lower weight chains"""
resultaría mejor unas pequeñas pesas
in general the plastics tend to elongate as we can see in the results the type a and b are lengthened, the c is usually shortened and the d remains the same.\n the student was able to improve the procedure by doing more times the procedure with the same type of material to see if the same thing always happens and if the same thing is always extended.\n can also make the clamp last longer with the weight to see if the plastic is deformed more or not
exerting a gradual pressure on each of the elements in question.
Plastic type C was the most stretchable from the other, getting more stretched by the weights added to it. Another way he could to do this investigation, is putting some weight above each polymer plastics type for a specific time, the one that gets more little than the other ones is the most stretchable polymer plastic type.
it was determined that sample A is the polymer with the highest elasticity, sample D was not affected by weight and sample C contracted
Three of the four plastic types tested showed an increase in length after stretching exercise. \n The student could have improved the experiment by\n 1) determining if there was a maximum weight/stretching pressure that could be applied to the plastic \n 2) determining if the plastic returned to original length after a certain amount of time or if the stretchability measurements were permanent
Plastic type B has the highest stretchability, followed by type B and type C. Type A has the lowest stretchability. The student could try different stretching times for each plastic type, and/or using different length for each type.
Longitude is growing in most of the cases. \n Bigger amount of types. and more meassurments.
Sample 1 and 2 are less elastic, sample number 3 is more elastic than sample number 1, 2 and 4. Sample number 4 retained its intact elasticity. It could have increased the number of measurements and numbers of samples to have a representative sample of a population. He could also have used more different types of materials, everything depends on his final goal.
para el resultado debemos aprender de la ciencia
the student may have been simpler to apply pressure to stretch the plastic and simply measure the elasticity capacity that would have
I'm sure their are now to do.
Nearest result is on sample plastic D\n and most dofferent in on sample plastic A
plastico a b c
a. For plastic type a and b the plastic tends to stretch, in the case of type c shrinks and type d is the same size.\n b. 1.- You can extend the execution time for more than five minutes.\n 2.- A heavier weight can be placed too.
Plastic type D does not appear to stretch. Ensure the weights and clamps used for each sample are identical.
plastic a b d
a. most plastics have the property of elongation when they are forced for excesive weight\n b. Using different kind of polymeres not just plastic and showing the exact weight used for calculation purposes.
Student could have used a different or more appropriate tabel of results,student should write the explanation of the tabel besides the table only
some plastic samples are stronger or weaker then another
no se
Las partículas tienen un tamaño medio de 0,002 mm (50 veces más finas que un cabello). Su efecto en el cuerpo tras ser ingeridas no se conoce bien y la investigación se complica por el hecho de que ya no se puede formar un grupo de comparación con personas libres de esta contaminación que comienza durante la gestación y continúa toda la vida.
Tome una muestra de un tipo de plástico y mida su longitud\n 10
It was better to take all samples of the same length and then measure after stretching. They could take samples, for instance 10 mm long, and then they could easily calculate the percentage of stretching. And also they should perform experiment more times to have more precise results.
I did not suffer stretching.\n B suffered a minimum stretch of 22 to 23 mm.\n A suffered a stretch of 10 to 12 mm.\n C did not have the only full stretch from 14 to only 13 mm.
in this experiment it is shown how each type of plastic reacts differently when a force is applied, changing its length
By placing weights on the polymer, it stretches, tending to maintain that state even after removing the weights.\n The number of measurements must be increased to reduce the error
In this experiment we wanted to know, the different types of plastics with their elasticity, putting them approved by fastening them to a table and placing weight to determine their hardness\n \n 1- The student rolls each of the plastics to see which has more elasticity.\n 2-The student heats it to a specific temperature to see which one stretches the most as it gets hot.
I should look for elasticity because it only shows the quantity, not the elasticity
the types of plastic present do not match
some types of plastic stretched more than others. Make sure the weight and size of each piece of plastic is uniform. Make pieces of tape uniform insize and shape
La sal es el alimento más afectado por la contaminación con plásticos debido a su proceso de producción, al obtenerse en buena parte por deshidratación del agua marina. En España, en torno al 40% de la sal de mesa procede del mar y el 50% de depósitos interiores de sal (el 10% restante es sal gema)
WHAT CLAMP IS NEEDED, PLASTIC CAN  BE OF DIFFERENT TYPES SO BE SPECIFIC
I can conclude that diferent types of plastics have diferent stretchability.\n \n it is necessary for the student to provide the initial measurement of each sample.\n it is necessary repeat de experiment a larger number of times to take a average.
The stretched amount as a rule increase in the second trial
plastic is practically not plastic (not tensile under load). for more accurate conclusions, it is necessary to increase the length of the samples.
Conclusion: plastic is a malleable material, it deforms with effort. The student should place the weight for longer, additionally incorporate heat for better observation.
The analysis was based on the amount in millimeters of stretched plastics.\n Maybe if we had the final result with the final length after stretching the plastics would be a better result, more complete.
The results find that plastic type A is the most stretchy. The experiment would have been better if they had used the length of plastic for each type, it may also be beneficial to use more weight as the results don't seem to show much stretching.
based on the result, plastic type A stretched the most compared to others while plastic type D was not stretched at all. the experiment can be improved by:\n 1) control other variable that may affecting the final result such as doing the experiment in a controlled environment where no wind and sunshine present to affect the plastic stretch more or less that its supposed to based on its original characteristics.\n 2) varies the weight for multiple experiment to obtain more result to be analyzed before making the final conclusion.
It could be said that the plastic type with D1=20  no change except the other s
Remove the weights .\n Attach a clamp to the bottom edge of the plastic sample properly.
A= 10*12 = 122
a. plastice type d is the strongest and was undistorted \n b.  the plastic types have to be both the same length and width to be more valid
"Conclusion: Plastic type B has better stretchability. \n \n Improvement: Use a grip to hold the plastic firmly; measure the force of the clamp."
a. Plastic type A, B  have stretchability while Plastic Type C and D no. \n b. The student could have used the method of stretching the lower side of the four types of materials to determine the same result by measuring the ability to stretch them.
the table is missing some information. It must contain the 'initial length' of the piece of plastic and the 'final length'. Other than that, you should write 'T1' and 'T2' instead of 'D1' and 'D2'.\n So, no conclusion can be drawn, because like I said: the table is missing information! Please review!
Let the plastic hang for a longer time. Add more weight to each of the plastics
B and D were stretchier. Perform another trial for accuracy.
we see that after many attempts procedure stabilize the amount of stretched plastic. I think here will be better a graphic parabola grafic to discribe the complexity of the process.
the student could apply temperature to the plastic
It is necessary to place heat on the sample to observe the yielding or breaking point of the material and the maximum stretch capacity
Data b shows that plastic B is stretchable, nothing else. Th experiment can be improved by taking more measures on different weights, not only two.
a. from the research above the plastic type A has better stratchabillity than the other plastic type. \n b. the student should  did trail for three times to make data valid\n the plastic type should be known
According to what can be observed in the description the student wanted to measure the malleability and the ability to yield the plastic. Of course depending on the density and quality of the plastic material will influence its etiramiento. I would recommend the application of a greater weight.
trgythtyhty
Plastic elasticity is not same in the firs and second trial.We should find experiment which will gave us more reliable results. a.Physical stretching with pulling, b.stretch with banding
There's no significant difference in the results.\n Maybe use differents instruments and materials
The property of elasticity predominates in the polymer data, taking into account that most of the polymers in question had a greater length after the experiment. It is recommended to specify the weight to which they were exposed, and also a better wording and organization in the data table added to the specification of the thickness of the tubes since it is an important variable.
a must be more
Conclusion: Three of the plastic samples stretched a fraction while one of the samples actually shrank.\n The student could have mentioned what types of plastics he/she used and what weights were used. Also were all the plastic samples the same width.
Plastic types A and B stretched but D didn't and C even got shorter. I think in order to improve this experiment, the student could have examinate plastic type C and find out why it did not stretched.
a. Different types of plastics have different extensibility. \n b. The measurement was performed before weighing the weights. So the experiment would be more valid.
Plastic types A B and C changed but D stood the same. On the other hand, C got shorter. The student could use more types of plastic to see if these also get shorter or the same.. And why.
"He should use a ""control"" plastic and use together with the  plastic with the heavy"
Conclusion is that not all plastics have the same stretchability, but some types become more stretchable the more we work on them.\n Providing the thickness of the samples would have had improved the validity of the results, also it should specify how many weights were added to the clamp.
Plastic type D stretches the most. They could have made sure to hang the weights only for a specific amount of time and used the same time each round of stetching. They should have made sure that the clamps all weighed exactly the same so as to not make the results invalid.
C\n \n 11\n \n 15
la muestr a es la mas elastica de todas be y se mostraron la misma resistencia a la elasticidad, d es un cuerpo rigido, debio hacerlo bajo condiciones ctte de temperatura y presion
A. different type of plastic has the different intensity of elasticity\n B. 1. student could mentioning the spesification of the plastic, like the thickness, etc\n      2. they should mentiioning the weight of the clamp and the objects that clipped to it, to make the experiment more clear
Sample A was the one with the highest stretchability (10%). Sample D did not register any stretchability. Samples B and C also have stretchability. \n \n \n For the results to be valid and to be able to compare them, the length and width of each plastic sample must be the same. Another recommendation is that the weight on the bottom edge of the plastic sample should be the same.
"Experiment C data is not real. It is necessary: 1) to check the weight of the cargo; 2) check the time the sample is under the weight"
A
conclusion:\n least of all deformation the sample of plastic under a letter D, he the steadiest against mechanical influence is subject to influence.\n 1.Samples have to hang much more than 5 minutes. Because time of influence isn't enough, for obtaining objective results.\n 2.Use horizontal stretching, not vertical.
the tests to the plastics should have been carried out simultaneously
depending on the plastic type the sample either stretched, shrank, or stayed the same. the results could be improved by listing the starting length before it as stretched as well as the specific type of plastic used.
Resilient of Polymer
The type of plastic UNA has more elasticity. compared to the other three types.\n 1- should indicate that the amount of weight was the same for all types of plastics included in the sample.\n 2-had to indicate that the four samples should have the same length.
Maybe the amount of weight added to the clamp wasn't exactly the same. No piece of plastic is equal. I'd make sure that both plastic samples used are as similar as possible.
Los plasticos seden con el peso. Dejarlos por mas tiempo. Colocar junto a los plasticos una tabla de medidas
the plastics have different elasticity, each one showed a different amount of mm in the first experiment as well as the second experiment.\n a.- the explanation of what he wanted to show with the experiment itself.\n b.- measure the plastics hanging on the table before putting the weights on them (this would show their elasticity better).
sdjubbyb yvybwud
vdwfwf5474
1.- Studing more quimic 2.- The plastic needs to be more exposed to the fire
a) Plastics A and B ended 2 and 1 mm (respectively) longer than before, D didn't stretch and C ended shorter for some reason. \n b) You could specify what type of plastic was each one (a, b, c, and d). Also it would be useful to know the measurements (weigh, length, etc.) of the clamp.
a. The piece of plastic A has a bigger coefficient of elasticity than other samples with a 20% of increase in length.\n b. First, they could measure the length of plastic without removing the weight and clamps. Second, they could calculate the percentage of change, that way they would have a better point of view of how each plastic could change in those conditions.
all the options proposed are ideal for work
trying to do the experiment in other kind of surface (a curved one).\n trying to strecht it with the hands to see the result.
Plastic D was the strongest, because it didn't stretch, it stayed the same length. They should have used plastic that was all the same length and reported how much weight he used.
Student can find the elasticity of the matter as conclusion from this experiment and there should be much more data available like length units . Design must be specific to matter wise in details.
a. Plastic type A stretched the most proportionally.\n b. They could additionally measure the length of the plastic with the weights still attached.\n      The should use the same length of each plastic sample.
a. sample b is the moststratchable material and a the least.\n b. - heigh for the table, length spected for the samples (you can mesuare them after to get a more accurate read but is better if you use an aproximate target length this way the next person doing the experiment i not to cut 30ft long pieces and need a mile high table)\n -mass of the weights to use, for this experiment to be replicable all test should use the same mass
a.  There is no  stretchability on sample D\n b.  Student could experiment with all samples together attached to clamp and weight
a. The plastic that stretched the most was A (20%), followed by C (7.14%) and B (4.5%), the D did not stretch.\n b. The same length must be defined for all samples. You must specify the weight that is added, which must be the same for everyone. You can try different weights and varying times.
The elasticity of the materials is different, the material B turned out to be the most elastic. The student had to increase the size of the sample, and respect the principles of the design of experiments, so that the data are valid.
plastic are elastic produce elasticity when external force is applied in the form of weight. the reading shows A and B are more stretched while C is lower than its elastic limit
The conclusion would be that not all plastics are elongated with the same weight, so they have different properties.\n The results could be better if plastics are placed horizontally pulled by forces greater than gravity.
1 way\n use locksmith vice\n 2 way\n shoot it all on video
B
The conclusion would be that not all plastics are elongated with the same weight, so they have different properties. The results could be better if plastics are placed horizontally pulled by forces greater than gravity. In this way, all
The conclusion would be that not all plastics are elongated with the same weight, so they have different properties. The results could be better if plastics are placed horizontally pulled by forces greater than gravity. In this way, all
Record the weights used.\n using two rounds of weights
In this experiment, you will be qualitatively analyzing plastic polymers for physical characteristics of opacity, flexibility, durability, and breakability. You’ll also analyze the density of each plastic by checking whether pellet samples float or sink in three liquids of different densities.
the polymer is stretched. increase hover time under load.increase the weight of the load.
the experiment shows that when external force is applied on the rubber band it experience a stress upto elastic limit\n A and B shows increase in length C has reduction
Plastic Type D is  the most stretchable (20mm) and the shortest is A (10-12mm).
1. veride 10 iken 12 takılan ağırlık boyunu uzatmış .2.de takılan ağırlık arttırmış.
verilen plastik değerlerde ögrenci başarılı  bir analiz yapmıştır.
It appears that in half of the experiments that the plastic stretched more the 2nd time.  I would assume this means that the first stretching might have impacted how much it would stretch the 2nd time.\n I would change the graph presentation as it appears they are calling the samples D1 & D2 on the chart, but it was called T1 and T2 in the explanation.  \n They also could have done all of the 4 experiments (with assistants) at the same time rather than one after the other because perhaps other factors in the room (humidity, temperature) could impact the results.
a. Conclusion: B has more stretchability than the others.  A has the least amount of stretchability .\n \n b.  - Checking the thickness of the samples\n       - Do more than 2 trials
"The most tensile plastic ""A"" judging by the results of the experiment."
All plastics don't get stretched. Some plastics may even shrink or stay the same in length.\n Students could have used clamps on both sides instead of tape.\n They could use more number of clamps for all 4 different plastics at the same time, so that trial time can be reduced.
First of all procedure and data from the table are not marked in the same way.T1 and  T2 in procedure and D1 and D2 in data table.What is interesting in data table is that data for plastic type C was 14 after first trial and 13 after second.How is it possible?And what kind of weight was used for streaching plastic?It looks like plastic type D is the most solid, or the weight that is used wasn't proper.
How much weight do i have to add in total?\n How much weight is needed for each step of load?\n Does the length of plastic samples have to be the same?
Indicate what type of plastic used.\n Indicate or put legend in the table. indicate what is D! and D2
Not all plants are elongated and requires a greater force than gravity to elongate all plastics
Type A presents a larger difference from D1 to D2. \n Test for more minutes.\n In some test the same plastic for different periods of time.
The student should check the load at which the plastic will be broken.\n The student should give it the ambient temperature when trying to load the plastic.
Plastics grow in most cases\n weights on the clamp could stay a little longer than 5 minutes\n the lenght of the plastic could have been measured a couple of times to get a better result
Conclusion: Results were relevatively consistent throughout both experiments with only minimal variation with plastic A having the most variation and plastic B being the stretchiest.\n \n It could be improved by including the types of plastic in the final results, as opposed to being referred to by just their letter designation.
Plastic type A grow up from 10 to 12, but C from 14 become 13.
1. Shape of samples: different shapes present different characteristics.\n 2. Weigth added, this is needed in order to know if any sample was brought to a weight where it actually deforms insted of stretch.\n 3. Not sure if really relevant but the time the weight was applied should be known, some plastics have higher resistance but still stretch slowly.
as before: the size will help in the stretching of each of these
specify plastic shiren\n specify the weight of the load
Plastic Type A is expands more than other type. The student can use heavier weights and allow them to hang for ten minutes.
estudio realizado  después de analizar muestras de sal ... Todas contenían elementos plásticos excepto la marca francesa. ... el 23,6 por ciento eran pigmentos (de plástico), el 5,50 por ciento consistían en carbono ... Y no deja de ser alarmante que esté llegando a nuestra mesa la basura
a. Plastic A is the less and plastic B is the most stretchable. \n b. Would be better to clamp also the top edges, take say 1 meter of each tape and measure the length with hanging weights additionaly. Also would be good if weights would be say 1 kilo each.
B and D can be streched more than A and C\n Improve the fixing of the tapes\n improve the addition of weight
The experiment has few data to reach a conclusion, ways in which it could be improved: 1.- Increase the time of the test. 2.- Submit the polymers at different temperatures to determine how much it affects its elasticity or if this makes it acquire other properties.
it will not be possible that mass will increase
It should be better to have lenses instead of table.  Several weights of the same form.
a. plastic B has best stretchability and plastic A has the worst. b. 1. Should repeat trial for more times because some value is close, like the stretched amount of type A and C. 2. Should keep the shape and volume and mass of the plastic samples all the same. 3. Change the weight of weights and do the trial again.
the b is weakest one.  c is better
The weight must be heavier than the plastic mass,  The tape of top must be of high quality to withstand the weight
TEMPERATURE OF THE ENVIRONMENT \n AMOUNT OF AGGREGATED WEIGHT \n TYPES OF PLASTIC
the experiment shows that the type of plastic D does not undergo variations in length because it is certainly more resistant and less elastic
Different types of plastic stretch differently.  Two samples stretched, while one even shrunk, and the fourth remained the same.\n Make sure the exact same weight is added to each sample, and try different duration of time.
a. Type D does not stretch even under pressure from the weights\n \n b. Start with samples that are all the same length.
Was the second trial performed on same samples user in the first one? \n What exact types of plastic were used (if I used another type of plastic, my results would significantly differ)? \n How heavy were weights used for the experiment?
The conclusion is there was not much difference in stretch.\n the students could have used a different type of weight instead of a clamp.
Plastic type A is more stretched than the other.
Plastic type A has more stretchability.\n Instead of taping to the table upper edge could have been tightly fixed.\n Hang for at least 10 minutes to get better results.
b) 1) taping does not really work when a high object is used to stretch the plastic i recommend to tie it up to iron object that is study and strong.\n 2) the other end should be tied up with a heavy object for 5 minutes then removing will give a very good result.\n The results are perfect and for the D part though.
a. Conclusion: The type of polymer plastics influence in its stretchability.\n b. He needs to put on the table: The type of polymers and the initial and final measures.
è chiaro che il tipo D di plastica è quello meno flessibile rispetto agli altri
Scalability from large to small：A>B>D>C\n Increase the weight of the weight
I think that's not much probability of plastic C has less mm after streched, unless it has been broken. The plastic A is the more streachble.\n In my opinion the student must calculate a percentage of strechability and do the mean of the two experiments. I will also like the experiment to have 3 repetitions instead of 2.
he could list what type of pastic he uses. different mm of plastic stretch in different ways. this is not really valid because of that issue. the stretches could be non linear making the measurments different in different areas of the plastic
The plastic streched by additional weight, i.e by force of gravity. The experiment must be performed in straight conditions and that you could change for example temperature, humidity or other....
use light weight adhesive material\n use easy remove adhesive type
the first two samples were slightly stretched, the third somehow decreased, and the fourth remained unchanged.\n for the validity of the results, the student had to specify the weight of the goods.\n also the student had to specify in what way he fastened the top part of a sample to a table.
The experiment gave positive results for both the first and second samples and obtained positive results of plastic stretching. But for the last and the last, the results were not good.
a. Polymers A and B tend to be bigger with the weights, and C and D tend to stay the same or even being shorter after the test.\n \n b. Expicify the amount of weight used maybe.
D plastic didn't stretch cause of its composition, it must have been harder that the rest. Maybe the student could have improved if he let the plastics more time hanging
We can see from the data that plastic type B stretched the most being 22 mm T1 and 23 mm T2.  The students should have made the experiment better if they did one more trial also they should tell me the amount of weight you add to the plastic. To be more specific.
in sample number one we can see that the plastic obtained a stretch of 2 millimeters in comparison to the others.
Why is one sample shorter? What is the thickness of the samples? Is there a change in room temperature?
a) The plastic type D is more resistant then the others and A being the stretchiest of them all with 2mm of amount stretched in 5 minutes.\n This experiment cannot be validated because the D1 needs to be the same for all plastic samples.\n There is no information of what volume, surface area and temperature of the elements of the experiment.\n There is no information about the weight of the weights.\n This experiment has no validity of the results.\n If they fixed the values for all the experiment being the variable only the stretching, it could be a valid and legit experiment.
the Amount stretched in D1 is less than in  D2\n try with more accurate measure tools.
Not applicable
the type of plastic In exchange more in comparison with the D that did not undergo any change
perform a third test T3
I am not sure how thorough this experiment can be based on the description.  Maybe add more information about the weights used and repeated this experiment several times, at least 2-3 times for each different weight class.
In conclusion, the experiment shows that some types of plastic can be deformed by subjecting them to stretch processes for a certain amount of time.  Adding heat and / or pressure to the materials could help improve the results of the experiment.
Have 4 sample
A and B changed their form for their part C was reduced and D was not altered
No additional info needed
All plastics had a significant deformity in the short time that they were submitted to the elasticity.\n \n One way of improving the experiment would be to leave the weights until the break, to test the maximum point of elasticity, and another way would be to measure the samples also after 5 minutes of the removal of the weights, to see how much they would return to the original length.
The plastic used to make dry cleaning bags is weaker (more likely to stretch or tear) than\n the other plastics: the plastic dry cleaning bag stretched 23 mm, which was more than the\n other plastics
вывод о данных характеристиках пластика
you will see the plastic grow
The order of highest to least elasticity of materials is A, C, B, D.\n \n increase the length of the original samples (required).\n \n increase the measurement accuracy to microns if the sample is still small
a) Something is wrong because the sample C is shorter after the experiment.\n b) The student should say the mass for the weight
He could have written which kind of plastic sample he had used, their specific weight and how much weight he attaches to each sample
mmmm
A. it is shown that the elasticity of material A is greater than the others followed by C, B and D\n \n B. increase the length of the sample and increase the time when the weight acts on the sample
ksskksks
I would conclude that some plastics are more elastic than others.  \n The students could improve the experiment by using the same size plastics to start with, same length and width.  They could also add a step to see how much the plastic shrunk once the clamps and weights were removed.  I also would question why Type C actually shrank.
Describe the mass of the weights attached to each identical plastic strap.
there are found some samples of  type of plastic will stretched but the other will Shrinks
the departure mass is subtracted with the final mass and the result is the difference in plastic
a. the type of plastic and the distance stretched are directly proportional\n b. measuring the changes that occur, the initial data must be determined, after the experiment is done the final data is found
A
ACCORDING TO THE DATA, IT IS OBSERVED THAT THERE ARE DIFFERENCES OF ELASTICITY AMONG THE FOUR ELEMENTS BEING 2 OF THEM MORE ELASTIC.\n 1. IT COULD HAVE EXPOSED THE ELEMENTS TO THE MODERATE HEAT TO PROVE THE BEHAVIOR OF THE POLYMER\n 2. IN THE SECOND PROOF YOU HAVE TO USE OTHER ELEMENTS TO VERIFY IF THEY REACT IN THE SAME WAY
From this chart, I would conclude that B is the stretchiest polymer, and A is the least stretchy. I think one way to improve the experiment is to use something stronger than tape to hold the top down, because if the tape comes loose, that can make the results inaccurate. I also think they should have some sort of control to compare these with.
112.
a. Conclusion is that Plastic type A has stretched the most and plastic type D has stretched the least\n b:\n 1. Start with equal lengths of plastic\n 2: Clamp the plastic at the non weighted end so that there is no bend, which would be caused by hanging from the table. This will ensure there is no weak point which could cause extra stretching
The conclusion is that the elastic materials will extend according to their nomenclature or resistance. \n 1.- could expose them some type of greater resistance. \n 2.- place them in different environments. \n 3.- place them for much longer
I believe we should have had beginning measurements to get a good picture of what the experiment is trying to show.  Also, it mentions T1 and T2, but in the chart there is listed D1 and D2, which is confusing. What are the Ds for?
a: The plastic Type A is more stretchable\n \n \n b: 1- The samples' length should have been measure before the experiment  to make sure  it was the  same in all cases.\n      2- The clamp's weight should be determined before the experiment and shouls be the same in all cases
what is the length and width of sample.\n \n how much weight should be attached. \n \n what is the duration of the experiment.
We can observe that plastic C and D did not show any considerable elasticity. the C contracted unlike the A and B that some type of elasticity was appreciated that indicates that not all plastics (polymers) have the same elastic capacity.\n To improve\n 1.- What type of polymer are you using in the experiment?\n 2.- As an additional data, test the elasticity of the material under high temperatures in addition to check the resistance elasticity would be evaluated
a) the longer the sample, the more tensile\n b) it is necessary to increase the length of the decoration or to drain the weight of the load
He could measure another type of plastic load.
Plastic D is the most predictable sample as the stretched length is the same in both trials.Improvements/validity (1) State that the  weight is the same in every case (2) State the precise place the clamp needs to go at the bottom edge (middle, left, right or xyz mm from the bottom.  (3( do more trials using the same process, this would further prove the plastic D finding.
The average elongation is between 10% and 20%. The longer the glued plastic strip, the more elongated, the less elongated. It would have been better to experiment with a number of strips of the same length, but with different thicknesses, for it would have been more egalitarian.
11.2\n \n 11.2\n \n 0.0\n \n El plastico\n 7.2\n \n 7.1\n \n -0.1
Performing an additional  third trial (T3)\n Adittional time frames (5m, 10m, 30m...)
i don't know what you mean
For A Amount is more, but  for C is lower.
here the conclusion is the different polymer plastic  for stretchability is successfully done in this investigation.
13
22
Different type of plastic have different elastic modulus. To improve experiment shoud increase the weight to draw a graphic Load- Streth. Another improvement shoud be to determine the section of the sample, better if secrion is a circle.
es mejor que el equipo donde se este ensayando la muestra este calibrado con su respectiva medicion ya que luego de haber terminado tiene mejor precision en los resultados
1
good we can see that the plastic can reach stretch little or a lot or nothing depending on the material of the plastic.\n is valid because it is experienced with a weight to slightly force the length of the plastic
D
Take a sample of one type of plastic, and measure its length.\n Tape the top edge of the plastic sample to a table so that it is hanging freely down the side of the table.\n Attach a clamp to the bottom edge of the plastic sample.\n Add weights to the clamp and allow them to hang for five minutes.
The conclusion is that plastic A was the most stretchable material.\n Each piece of plastic should begin at the same length to ensure similar durability and the amount of weight clamped onto the plastic should also be the same (and the weight must be recorded).
Conclusion: 3/5 plastic samples changed in size while one had no change and another decreased in size. The chart is awful.  Defining the plastic samples used would be beneficial.  Labeling the trials correctly would follow.
Plastic type B deformed the most, and plastic type A deformed the least. A and C are similar, B and D are similar in extension. The initial length of the material would be useful, and the amount of weight used. The weights could be varied, and the amount of time varied to investigate further.
It depends on what the plastic is. I can't determine what the conclusion is based on the data without additional information. The validity could be improved if the length of the plastic was given so we can tell what the beginning length was. Perhaps a shorter piece of plastic would stretch farther. During the second trial, why was there a disparity?
the plastic of UNA is more flexible because it had more stretch length. \n \n 1. use a press machinery on both ends of the plastic\n 2. apply more force to the stretch to the point of knowing what is the limit of each plastic
a. in trial T2 doesn't mean to have greater stretches for all samples\n b.  could be hanging in same time all four samples
For samples A, B, and C it having done the experiment múltiple times affected how much the plástico elongates. Now, for a better experiment desing, he Should quote what type of plástico is using and how many weights is using, and if he is testing every plastic with the dame weights
Tome una muestra de un tipo de plástico y mida su longitud.\n Pegue el borde superior de la muestra de plástico a una mesa para que cuelgue libremente por el lateral de la mesa.\n Coloque una pinza en el borde inferior de la muestra de plástico.\n Agregue pesos a la abrazadera y déjelos colgar por cinco minutos.\n Retire los pesos y la abrazadera, y mida la longitud de los tipos de plástico.\n Repita el procedimiento exactamente para las tres muestras de plástico restantes.\n Realice una segunda prueba (T2) exactamente igual que la primera prueba (T1).
prestando mas atencion a la clase
Take a sample of one type of plastic, and measure its length.\n Tape the top edge of the plastic sample to a table so that it is hanging freely down the side of the table.\n Attach a clamp to the bottom edge of the plastic sample.\n Add weights to the clamp and allow them to hang for five minutes.\n Remove the weights and clamp, and measure the length of the plastic types.\n Repeat the procedure exactly for the remaining three plastic samples.\n Perform a second trial (T2) exactly like the first trial (T1).
what type of polymer plastics the student uses.
Conclusion: Plastic sample B has more stretchability than the other polymer plastics.\n Improved the experiment:\n Provide the before and after measurements for length (Did the samples all start out the same size?).\n Make sure the samples are all of the same thickness. Variations in thickness could have caused variations in stretchability.
some of the types of plastic could be much thinner or pliable than others.  The directions do not say anything about making sure that the plastic pieces were exactly the same length to start with.  This could potentially skew the results of the experiment.
The conclusion is that the plastic is a moldable material
It makes no sense that D2 value in C is less than D1, so there must be something wrong with the data. The experiment should say how much should be the mass of the weights used in the experiment.
a) Al plastics elongated except D\n b) Use different weights to see if the data is consistent and make more samples, not only two
the experiment shows that different plastic materials are stretched differently by the same added weight. \n the plastic sample have to be securely clamped to the edge of the table rather than taping it
A conclusion would be that plastic can stretch when adding weight to one end.\n A way to improve the experiment would be to run the test on additional samples of each plastic piece used.\n This would make sure that it was not a fluke but could be repeated with the same results.\n Using tape at the top of the plastic sounds like it could not really be stabilized.  The weights affecting the plastic could differ the results depending on how well the plastic was secured.
A) type  (A)  and (B)  are  stretchability.\n      type (C)  Shrinks  .\n      type (D)  does not change.\n \n B)    1) by heating and hammering.\n          2)by heating and rolling process.
b
30 30
"in the opcion ""C"" D2 is most little"
a. Data obtained suggest that polymers B and D are the most stretchable, while C and A showed higher resistance to stretch during the 5 minutes of the experiment.\n b. First way: Increase the time of the experiment, as there is a chance that one plastic is actually more stretchable than another, but requires a a force to be applied for a longer period of time. Second way: perform additional trials with different weights, as some plastics could require heavier weights to test their stretchability.
For samples A and B he got more length difference. For the Samples C, D the amount streched  was shorter and even the same for sample D. Here for he used two trials.
There is no length changed in plastic type D
Leave the weights a few more minutes.
a. On the second trial, the amount stretched of 3 from the plastic types were different from the first trial, making me question if the trial was indeed similar to the first one or if there was some external cause for that difference.\n \n b. Annotate the mass of the plastics and annotate the prior differences between his first and second trials.
take a plastic sample and measure its length, glue the top edge to a table so that it hangs freely, place a clamp on the side that hangs for five minutes,
a
That Plastic type B was the most stretchable. They could have named the plastics and also included the original length of the plastic sample.
state amount of weight and plastic type used
To determine the validity of the results, it had to standardize the weights to be used and specify them together with the other tools used in order to document all the information in the 2 tests.
1. adding more weight in such a way that it could also measure the resistance.\n 2.determining the type of plastic, there are plastics with different characteristics could have experimented with different types of plastics.
"a. There is contraction and expansion of plastic pieces after addition of considerable weight. Expansion is expected, but, contraction of plastic namely ""C"" needs to be analysed in further trails. \n \n b. Use of tape to attach one side of the plastic piece is not recommended, having a hook to suspend it is a better option.\n There is no mention of the plastic type used, which should be revealed from the start of the experiment."
The plastic material is really flexible. What makes it vulnerable to change it form. Exposing the plastic to the stress made by the weights, can change it length depending of the type of plastic used to the test. \n \n To get a better result, the student could change the way he measure the length changes, controling the temperature (what clearly have an effect on plastics), and using a the same weights and ruler to all the samples.
The data shows that Plastic B stretched the most being 22 mm T1 and 23 mm T2. The\n students could have made the experiment better if they did one more trial. Also, they could\n have been more specific in their procedure.
The stretchability of plastic encreases in order A, C, D, B and at least twice from A to B.\n Student can take tapes of different lengths ( the same for all plastics) and weights of different masses.
A sample of C is wrong
a, The four polymer plastics will be stretched by 10-23mm. The amount stretched in Plastic Type A and plastic Type C is similar and the amount stretched in Plastic Type B and plastic Type D is also similar.\n b. The weights added to the clamp should be of the same weight.\n Perform the trials for three more times and choose the median from the results to reduce errors.
1. It is necessary to measure the length of the plastic without removing the weight and clamp. 2. It is necessary to increase the time of the experiment and do the whole procedure within 10, 15 and 30 minutes
large weight can make plastic longer or bigger.
a.Plastic type B have high amount of stretching ability\n b. i)Should repeat the experiement three times and count the average amount of stretched\n ii) use different weight
Dimensions of each sample\n Surface quality of samples\n Density of vinegar
All 4 mounts are experimented in the same time\n In experiment 2, the duration was increased to 6 minutes
All the plastics used have different elasticity indexes and that plastic D is the most resistant.\n describe what kind of plastic use.\n subjecting plastics to another type of force
Attach a clamp to the bottom edge of the plastic sample\n Add weights to the clamp and allow them to hang for five minutes.\n Perform a second trial (T2) exactly like the first trial (T1)
Polymer B is the one that stretches the most, Polymer A is the one stretching the least. Polymer D is the only one to stretch exactly the same in both trials while polymer C is the only one that streched least in T2 when compared with T1. It would have been interesting to also test the polymers for different stretching times, and keep measuring them without removing the clamps to see how stretching evolved when compared with the time the clamps were hanging.
Type A - has stretched more than others, Type C has shrinked, Type D has not stretched at all,. The conclusion is that Type D is the strongest of them.\n The shape of the plastic sample,  approximate length,  how to attach the top of the plastic to a table,  what kind of weight  ( stone, iron...) , the temperature in the room
A       50     53\n B        80      82\n C       12      10\n D        15     16
let it hang for at least 10 minutes and put more weight
Result are nearly the same.\n 1) Determine exact position of weights.\n 2) Determine temperature of material.
a.plastic a has the highest stretchability\n b. perform the experiment on all 4 plastic types simultaneously with similar tapes and weights\n perform the experiment in a particular room temperature and perform the 2nd trial also on that exact temperature
Plastic A and B deformed higher in trail 2, C deformed less in trail 2 and D deformed same in trail 2.\n Attachment of weight should be same in both case.
"Ensure that each sample had the same starting length; try the procedure using different weights."
Plastic type A is may be thin and has more elasticity . Plastic type B is thicker than type A  and Type C has more elasticity than all type and that is may be recycle standard and D has no elasticity and it remains same .
"Plastic Type A and B are subject to strech; somehow Plastic Type C's diameter decresead and Plastic Type D is not subject to stretch.\n Student may specify what kind of plastic they used (using ""Type A, B, C and D"" is not descriptive enough) and they should also specify how much the weights weighted."
Mix up in a bowl (plate) two glue tbsp, a borax tbsp, and a water tbsp. \n With the hands be giving the form of a ball. \n *if the borax ball is cracked, add more glue.
The purpose of the work was to establish patterns of change in tensile strain parameters of plastic blanks
The elasticity of each of the components is demonstrated by the experiment could be extended range by performing the experiment on a larger scale and for a longer period of time to observe a maximum of elasticity for each product
It is therefore concluded that the elasticity of the plastic depends on what is clamped at t he the bottom edge of the plastic.\n It is recommended that the students will have to use other plastic object to attach to the bottom edge of the plastic to measure its length.\n Also, they can let it hang for a longer time to make sure that the plastic have already set its weight.
a. Assuming that the starting length of the samples is equal plastic type B seems the type that has stretched the most without returning to its previous form.\n b. Assure that the starting length of the materials is the same. Measure the length of the material with the clamp and weights on it so you can measure the maximum stretchability before it returns to its original form.
a. It is hence concluded that it is not always necessary that length of plastic will increase on stretching.\n b. 1. By allowing them to hang longer.\n      2. By hanging them in different    \n            environmental conditions.
Apparently the material of sample 1 is the most eslastica, however the results are not reliable, because the student did not establish standard conditions for each sample, it does not specify if the dimensions of the samples were equal, nor if the weight used for get the deformation of the samples was the same for each experiment
bueno el estudiante pudo usar una capa de plastico,usando guantes anti fuego y asiii calentarlo hasta que el plastico se derritiera
a send measurement shuld have taken with added weight. \n the material d is not stretchable at all.
"a. We can concluded that ""stretchability"" of a plastic it's a property of its composition.\n b. Performing more trials with more samples; e.i  for each plastic type use two or more sample with four trials each."
They should specify in detail the type of plastic, room temperature because of diferent elasticity of difererent kind of plastic.
There are small variations since the weight used is a dead weight, only gravity is used, but there are cases that a force applied by a machine that generates the same amount of force for each piece of plastic and see the elasticity can be used.
doing the experiment in 1 minute and not in 5.\n \n Making the measurements without the subjection clamp
Since weight is a force, scientists also write the equation as F = mg.\n F = weight symbol, measured in Newtons, N.\n m = mass symbol, measured in kilograms or kg
a. The average stretched amount is 1 mm (range 0-2).\n b. The student could extend the time for hanging and measure changes in different time points.
Polymer plastic D is not stretchable. Student should repeat test more than  two times.
the two plastic materials A, and B have elasticity and their lengths increases and plastic has reversed its length after removing weight while Plastic D has no changed after second trial.
- Conclusion: Three of the plastics studied showed a certain elasticity when subjected to a specific weight. Only one of them remained with its identical initial characteristics.\n - I could not make any suggestions regarding the experiment, since I do no
The length of sample D has not changed, С - with decreased by 1 mm, samples A and B the least resistant to tensile loads-their length increased by 2 and 1 mm, respectively.
Explaining a possible expected results before the experiment had been conceived. The results could had variation in percentage for the initial and final stage of the polymers.
all is not streched. one of them is same an the other was gettin smaller. İntereting. \n 1. heat the plastics and measure\n 2. use long plastic and in the middle of them hang heavy load
Here we can see that the tube is stretched depending on which material is used, it was valid since the method of using weights was optimal in giving different results
place the original length, and compare how much it took to stretch. describe the weight used
obesidad
a. Plastic D is the least stretchable type.\n b. Clamp instead of tape the top edge. Use increasing weights to find the limit of stretchability of plastics (the sample breaks).
type of plastic
The changed because of  the propertie of the plastic to mold, plus the heaviness of the weights and the force of gravity.
Succesful
that group ataached a weight in single time and stop it instead of that i m put my weight in small quantity then my increase my weight then check the stretchbility i.e 20 30 40 50
black :: As black color is very darker and  darker the lid color, the greater the increase in air temperature in the glass jar.
light_gray :: To dog not overheated need to its color was light-gray or white.
white :: The color white might affect the doghouse by keeping the inside a cooler\n temperature than the other colors\n  I know this because on the data table it shows\n that the temp. of air inside the jar with the lid was 42° C.\n  The temperature of air\n inside a jar with a black lid is 53° C
black :: When warming darker the color gives better results of air heating. Black has the best effect
white :: The darker the lid color, the greater the increase in air temperature in the glass jar, because darker colors absorb more energy.
white :: The doghouse would be more cooler because the average air temperature was lower on that case on the experiment.
white :: because temperature, the smallest warming is with white color.
black :: the best paint color is black because it will attract more energy and give a warmer environment to the dog
white :: the white color absorbs less temperature than the others
light_gray :: the result is to observe the behavior of dogs somoetidos to different types of color, this shows that dogs behave better with light colors than dark
white :: As shown in experiment with  white color temperature was low so this will be low and that will be good for dog.
dark_gray :: dark gray is less susceptible to temperature change, which means it absorbs the least light
black :: The black color will retain the heat the best as shown in the temperature measurements of this experiment. Please note I am making a judging with an assumption you would want the doghouse to retain heat on cold nights. In hot climates where you want to minimize the temperature white is best from this experiment's results.
dark_gray :: the dark gray would affect the visibility of the doghouse since it would be darker inside it
white :: The light colors do not absorb the heat rejection, they reflect the heat.
white :: the lanco color is better so it does not absorb so much heat for a suitable temperature inside the house
white :: Using the data obtained by the experiment. The white color should be the best election for a hot climate. The fact of getting lower temperature results makes the dog house more comfortable for the animal avoiding hot situations and improving dog's quality life.
white :: the darker the color the higher the temperature of the dog house so white is the best color for the dog house
black :: black absorbs all the light so it increases the temperature of the glass.  the light works according to the VIBGYOR process.
black :: the black color absorbs more energy, then the doghouse will be hotter.
white :: the color white because it does not absorb so much the temperature and keeps the doghouse cool
white :: It's the only color that won't make the inside termperature of the dog house increase
black :: - I chose the color black, because that is the most damaging color we could use for the doghouse.\n - This is explained, because the black color absorbs all the colors contained in the white light, so that the heat accumulation is greater.\n - The other colors, object of the study, also caused the temperature to rise but in values ​​less harmful and harmful than black.
white :: escogeria blanco ya que el mismo reflacta la luz del sol por lo que la temperatura interior seria menor  que usar un color oscuro
white :: The white color is the one that best suits the design of the dog's house, and the color that obtains the lowest temperature
white :: USED A WHITE COLOR CASE AS THE TEMPERATURE INSIDE, WOULD BE LOWER AND BENEFICIARY TO THE DOG. THIS, ACCORDING TO THE RESULTS OF THE EXPERIMENT PERFORMED BY BRANDI AND JERRY
white :: ya que los colores mas claros, en este caso es el color blanco,  entonces podemos afirmar que esto color le va a transmitir menor energía
white :: The darker the color the higher the temperature. The choice of  color depends on whether you want to increase or decrease the temperature in the doghouse.
white :: 42ºC
white :: the house will be colder  in winter for lack of absorbing heat.
white :: According to the results of the experiment, the white color of the lid of the bottle produced the lowest temperature inside the bottle, therefore if the dog's house is painted white, a lower ambient temperature will be obtained inside the dog's house
white :: white color is the less one that absorb energy so the less temperature to the doghouse and will not affect the dog
black :: el negro ayudara por su oscuridad que brinda a el frasco
white :: with the experiment the hypothesis raised is confirmed. Therefore, if we wish that the doghouse has a lower interior temperature, it is advisable to use the color white
white :: Definitely the color that would be best for this product would be the white color, because it gives a lower temperature than the gray and black colors, keeping the body of the dog to a corded temperature with its body temperature
white :: The white clothing not only reflects the sunlight, but also reflects the internal heat back to your body, so the net effect under identical conditions is less cooling than if you wore black.\n There are objects that reflect all the light, like white ones. As the color of an object is darker, it will absorb more light and therefore, the heat energy of the Sun. Therefore, the more light and electromagnetic waves a body absorbs from the Sun, the hotter it will be
white :: genera mayor claridad
white :: the white color is the best since it is the one that generates less heat
white :: white implies a smaller amount of ºC inside dog house
white :: I think the doghouse painted in white would be a fresh place for the dog, taking into account that it's a light color and air temperature would be low.
white :: as previously indicated in the hypothesis the darker colors tend to increase the temperature so the black color showed the greatest temperature increase followed by dark gray and light gray, while the white showed to be the color that lower temperature increases
white :: Painting the dog house white might result in a cooler temperature inside the dog house that is exposed to light/heat than if you were to use darker colors of paint. One thing to note is that the experiment tested results inside a sealed glass jar and a dog house is not typically made out of glass material therefore additional testing experiment with materials similar to the dog house materials would be needed to determine the validity of results.
white :: The darker color will increase the temperature of the doghouse faster than the brighter color. The jar reached highest temperature with black color and lowest temperature with white color after ten minutes. The white color, therefor, is more suitable for the doghouse.
white :: White is a color which has a minimum temperature savings.
black :: the best color for the doghouse will depend on the weather, for example if it is a temperate climate (with snow) then the black color would be better to preserve the temperature because the average temperature is about 53 ° C and if it were a hot climate (tropical) then the white would be better since there is a lower temperature 42 ° C, it is cooler.\n \n The color could improve the ability of the house of the dog is to conserve heat ... so the dog in cold period, could conserve its temperature and therefore its energy ...\n \n the reverse process also applies.
light_gray :: es el mejor color para entender la cosas de la vida
white :: The doghouse will not contain so much heat because light colors are not good containers to contain the heat
white :: White colore is more better.
white :: Because i have a dog and they like white color, maybe cause they like bone that have white color.
light_gray :: light gray
white :: It depends on the type of climate if you want it not be so hot, the best option will be the white color, but if is in summer the best will be the black since it generates more heat.
black :: A black doghouse would get warmer. In the experiment, the jar with the black lid got the hottest.
light_gray :: light gray
white :: Heat is danger for dogs and white is the color of the study with better results reflecting energy, with less absortion there will be less temperature.
white :: The white shows the lowest temperature in the doghouse which might be more appropriate for condition
dark_gray :: i think it wont effect it, they is no source of light inside doghouse, but i choose dark gray for no reason
light_gray :: ya que los perros solo visualizn blanco y negro
white :: lo afecta de manera positiva, ya que lo claro es mas fresco
white :: Ponga la tapa negra con el termómetro adjunto en el frasco de vidrio
black :: Black inside of the dogs house will make the house warmer because the dogs body temperature is around 37 degrees Celsius and it will warm the house more then lighter color.
black :: The black color significantly affected the temperature of the house because the darker colors determine it, reaching an average of 53 ° C.
white :: Based on the results, the white color causes less temperature rise, that is, it is better for the dog's house
white :: As the booth is white, the dog will be more comfortably inside the booth since it will have less heat
white :: I choose the white because, it can be observed thanks to the experiment that this color is better for the temperature for a dog's house
white :: as it says the darker colors absorb more heat and according to the study the black is the one that would cause more heat and the house of the peroo would feel very hot
white :: white seems to me the most appropriate color for its clarity
white :: Becsuse black causes temperature to rise more i would choose white if i lived in a warmer climate. If i lived in a colder temperature area i would choose black. To keep the animal comfortable
white :: es mas relajante para el animal
white :: IT WILL BE SMOOTH AND BRIGHT
light_gray :: we can use a color that absorbs certain amount a good energy for the cold stations but not too much for the warmer station.\n \n we can see in the results that light gray clor could be used to do so.
white :: not to make it so hot inside the dog house
black :: dark color absorbs more heat energy
white :: Light colors, like white, do not absorb heat, they reflect it, that's why the temperature is lower.
dark_gray :: I choose this color because according to the results it has remained more stable without changes.
white :: Using white will mean the temperature of the air inside the doghouse will be cooler as it's temperature increased the least during the experiment under the lamp.
white :: selecting the color white for a doghouse would give a cooler temperature for the doghouse. hence, this color is suitable for doghouse design for country with hot climate. this was proven by the experiment result whereas the lid with white color has the least temperature rise compared to other lid color.
white :: The temperature affect does not very much
black :: black colour give the good way to provide them rest.
white :: white will make light
white :: the color might keep it hotter on the inside since the darker ones had higher temps at the start and end
white :: The darker the color, the greater the increase in air temperature inside the doghouse.
white :: White color affect less the temperature inside doghouse
white :: But we don't know if Brandi and Jerry are living in a cold place or warm place. Do they want the dog house to be warm for the dog, then they have to choose black. Otherwise, if they live in a hot place, they have to choose white.. you have to add some information there!
white :: Because light colors absorb less solar energy, white would be the best option since the house would have a better temperature
white :: It would heat up the doghouse but not to such an extent as the others- on average raised the temperature 18 degrees compared with 29 degrees for a black roof. It still might be too warm for a dog though.
white :: white color will make doghouse more brightner and so it will be more spacious
white :: the white color, not generating as much temperature as dark colors. It is perfect for the doghouse
black :: the color affects the temperature, the darker the environment in teria will have greater absorption of energy
white :: A darker color house will be hotter in average than a light colored one, making it more uncomfortable for a dog in hot climates. This is drawn from the results, which show a decrease in temperature from darker to lighter colors. For colder climates, a dark color might be preferable.
black :: the black the color it will increase air temperature an make dog easier to breath
dark_gray :: After the experiment the Dark Gray showed that it does not suffer any alteration of the temperature so it would be the ideal for the dog's house. Taking into account that you can maintain the right temperature without showing important variations.
white :: ytbtgbybyhuyjnuyjnhgn
white :: It can protect doghouse for external high temperatures.
white :: It will be more iluminated, relaxed and comfortable. It will also be more fresh in the place
"white :: The white color is the one that presents a more adequate temperature due to less heat absorption, which will allow the pet to live in cooler conditions and suitable for its healthier thermal environment. All this based on the experiment of the light bulbs and their thermal changes with the variables of the colors. Remember that the house of the dog can own a bulb and at the same time can be exposed to the sun, this means; that the most suitable color would be the white color due to the properties described above."
white :: white can be more comfortable
light_gray :: Light Gray would be a good colour for the doghouse. With light gray the inside of the doghouse would not be too hot or too cold. it would be a good temperature for the animal.
white :: The hypotesis was that dark colours absorbed more energy but the experiment showed that white colour keeps air fresher.
dark_gray :: Dark gray is the best dog house because the temperature is constant. \n I BELIEVE THAT THIS EXPERIMENT IS NOT RELEVANT FOR THE DOG HOUSES, BECAUSE  IT  DOESN'T MAKE \n  OF GLASS. DOGHOUSE IS MADE FROM WOOD THAT IS BETTER  TEMPERATURE  ISOLATOR.
white :: The experiment showed that white color is more fresh, so the inicial hypotesis was wrong.
white :: IF the withe color keep the experiment cooler, then it shoul do the same for the dog house
white :: According to the experiment the darker the roof of the doghouse will be, the more sunlight can rise the inside temperature, so white will keep it as cool as possible.
white :: Using darker colors can make the inside of the dog house to hot for the dog. Having the dog in such high heats could essentially kill the dog very quickly. You would want to use a lighter roof in order to ensure that the inside of the dog house remains cooler.
dark_gray :: 45 47 43 45
white :: blanco , sin duda alguna es cierto que mientras mas oscuro sea el color mayor sera el aumento de la temperatura
white :: White color is not absorbing the heat too much, so it can make the temperature inside the doghouse not as high as black color. High temperature can make dog uncomfortable, especially in summer
white :: The black color absorbs all wavelengths, does not reflect any. That's why the temperature inside increases. Black clothing is a typical case, where the person will sweat more on a sunny day instead of wearing a clear clothing (which reflects the radiation wavelengths). For this, the best paint color for the doghouse.
white :: The darker the roof color, the higher the temperature in the dog’s booth
light_gray :: Light gray
white :: for white, the temperature changes slightly. therefore the best color for the dog house is white!
white :: in effect dark colors absorb more energy therefore more temperature
dark_gray :: I think dark grey would be best because it the color causes a consistent temperature throughout the experiment
white :: Effect of paint color on temperature
white :: According to the results of the study, we can say that the white color absorbs less energy, so the white color would be ideal for the dog's house. That way he will not suffer from heat.
white :: Different colors have different refractive qualities. Some colors are able to absorb more light that others. The small differences in each trial could be because of errors in the instruments or variables that were not properly controlled.
black :: Los colores oscuros ayudan a aumenar la temperatura
white :: since the color white is a color that absorbs less energy is more favorable than the darker colors used in the experiment, the experiment showed that a house for white dogs would have a cooler interior to accumulate less energy to heat the air inside of the structure.
white :: dsggsdgsdgdgg
dark_gray :: efdfsdfw4 jijuk fscsdv pk oo
dark_gray :: Dark gray can make feels the dog more confortable about the temperature, if is a sunny day It will feel like he can rest in a balance mode, if is a raining day the dark grey color will make it feel confortable
white :: The lighter the color, the colder the temperature inside the doghouse. It would good for a dog to live in a white house if it lives in a hot place, but a black house would be better for one that lives in a cold place.
white :: It's clear that darkest colors absorbs more heat, so if you paint the doghouse in black, the inside temperature would be greater than the same doghouse painted in white. A dog would be more comfortable in a doghouse painted in white.
white :: white is the best color for this experiment
white :: darker colors may absorb more heat  emanated by the  lamp so the best choice is white
white :: The average temperature of the white paint was the lowest, so painting it white would keep it cooler inside for the dog.
white :: White colour is less energy consuming.  Using dark color is not economic , so to get efficiency we should use white as colour.
dark_gray :: The darker colours will result in a higher expected temperature inside the doghouse - as demonstrated in the results. As it is desirable to maintain a good temperature in warm and cooler conditions and that the front of the doghouse will be open, it would be best to choose a light or dark grey roof to achieve a balanced temperature inside the doghouse.
white :: the color of an object is the color of the light it does not absorb, this means black absorbs the full spectrum of light, which means it absorbs the maximun amount of energy possible, which results in a higher temperature, this is why white paint will keep the inside of the doghouse cooler, cause white absorbs no light/energy (in teory)
white :: The white color reflected most of the energy so the air temperature at doghouse will decrease
white :: Tests show that indoor air temperatures when white is used to cover objects exposed to light are lower than when dark colors are used. Therefore dog houses painted white will be more comfortable for pets
white :: The white color will allow the reflection of solar radiation, generating a lower temperature inside the doghouse. Being more comfortable
white :: as the data shows dark color absorbs more energy thus increasing the temperature of the substance so white is the color that can help to some extent in reducing the temperature of the house
white :: The color White is the most appropriate to paint the doghouse because it will keep it at a more pleasant indoor temperature.
white :: The roof of the dog's booth should be white. Since according to the experiment, the white color more reflects the sun's rays, and accordingly the insides will heat up less and the dog will be more comfortable.
dark_gray :: Yes
white :: The color White is the most appropriate to paint the doghouse because it will keep it at a more pleasant indoor temperature.
white :: The color White is the most appropriate to paint the doghouse because it will keep it at a more pleasant indoor temperature.
"white :: White temperature is warm bot not hot; so the dog will not die for overheat"
white :: In winter Black color should be used  but in  summer white color should be used. Inside of doghouse  temperature could be maintained like a heater in winter, as black color will absorb the maximum heat from bulb.
black :: black, in a dog house will be warmer.
white :: as the darker color receive most of thee energy so the temperature increases, from the table white color is more effective in building structures
white :: It  will cool more with white colour for the inside temperature.
dark_gray :: koyu gri köpek kulübesinin sıcaklığını değiştirmedi.
white :: başarılı bir deneyin sonucunda köpek kulubesi rengi daha detaylı olmuştur
dark_gray :: I chose Dark Gray.  Assuming that you aren't sending your dog outside in the winter when it is very cold, I assumed you aren't interested that much in absorbing heat.  Knowing that black absorbs the most and would keep it the warmest, I assume that would actually be too hot for a dog in warm weather.  So I went with Dark Gray to make sure it stayed warm, but wasn't too hot.
white :: The best color is white because the temperature inside of the doghouse will be the lowest.
white :: Dog house painted white in the summer will be as cool as possible.
white :: The average Air Temperature in the doghouse would be lowest-Avg:42, If used white.\n If you want Air Temperature to be more warmer then you can go for light gray, dark gray and black, in that order.\n More the darker color more the temperature.
dark_gray :: The highest values are measured for black lid and the lowest for white lid.But since dogs have very good fur isolation, I would choose dark grey color for dogs house because that color shows constant value in the experiment, and it also ins't the highest or the lowest.
white :: White lid determines a smaller increase in the jar temperature, so the best color for the doghouse is likely to be white, in order to grant the dog a better temperature related comfort.
white :: The white color makes the dog's doghouse cooler.
white :: The color White will allow the doghouse to be more fresh and pleasant since it absorbs less heat
black :: will keep the dog's house warmer
white :: The white color of the doghouse will cause it to have an average temperature in the doghouse within 42 degrees C. It will be the lowest temperature of the subjects, but it is too high for the dog.
black :: black color absorb more energy  and the temperature is higher. that is better for doghouse.
white :: The results of the experiment show that white gave the coolest internal termperature of the glass jars, thus I would select white, assuming that one would want to achieve the coolest temperature inside the doghouse of the four sample colours available.
white :: The white color have less temperature.
white :: Like explained on the steps above, darker colors tend to absorb a higher amount of sunlight, while light colors tend to reflect it, that is why a white doghouse would be the better choice if we want to reduce the temperature as much as we want.\n \n On cold enviroments, where some amount of heat would be needed for the dog's comfort, the other choices can be explored for extra warm.
light_gray :: the color varies depending on the elements that are used in this case varies with white and light gray
white :: in the summer the inside of the dog will not overheat
white :: White color absorbs less heat than other colors.
white :: Posiblemente te habrás planteado por qué los típicos termómetros ... temperatura del aire, de ese envoltorio gaseoso que nos envuelve. ... Está claro que la “carcasa negra” del sensor de este tipo de termómetros ... La temperatura se mide dentro de lo que los meteorólogos .
white :: Depends on the average temperatures in the region. White may give too cold and black too hot environment.
light_gray :: The darker the color the hotter it will get when exposed to a lot of sunshine. This may be bad in a hot climate, but a good thing i a cold climate-. So the best color depends on the circumstances
white :: According to the results the white color showed a lower average temperature, therefore it absorbs less energy, the house of the dog would be fresher.
dark_gray :: because this color is good for doghouse according to colors specialization.
white :: White color affects the inside of the doghouse without additional heat when the temperature is high outside.
white :: The color will affect the temperature inside of the doghouse, the darker the color, the hotter the house. Should choose the white paint so that the temperature of doghouse would not rise too much when it's exposed to the sun for a long time, especially in summer.
dark_gray :: dark gray gives more stable temp
dark_gray :: if the color is darker, keeps the light and focuses it in a certain direction
white :: THE WHITE COLOR REFLECTS THE SOLAR LIGHT ABSORBS LESS AND THE CASET WILL BE MORE COLD
white :: the interior color of the kennel should be white because it attracts less heat
white :: Lighter colors absorb less energy, thus temperature will increase less, preventing over heating of the dog house in summer.
white :: When exposed to a light source, the white color will still let the warmth of the light come through, but not as much as a darker color would. White has an average temperature of 42, compared to 53 from black, this is the best option for a dog house.
white :: It is very important to know what material lids were made of.\n  What kind of lamp was used? \n It would be advisable check further changes of temperature.
white :: The lighter the lid the cooler the inside of the dog house because it won't absorb as much energy as a dark lid.
dark_gray :: black is heat absorbing.
white :: This color will ensure that the doghouse is kept cool in hot temperatures. The heat would be reflected and the inner part of the doghouse shall be kept cool.
white :: black gives higher temperature because it absorbs the heat from sun because it is black.\n dark gray gives higher temp less than black because it absorbs the heat as well.\n light gray gives less temp because it reflects the heat from sun.\n finally white is best know to give less temperature because it completely reflects the heat from sun . so white is the best answer.
white :: White is the best color for the doghouse because the temperature doesn't reach very high levels, that's better for the dog's health.
white :: the doghouse must be painted with white paint because it is the color that attracts less heat and makes the doghouse cooler
dark_gray :: dark gray，The temperature remained the same during the experiment, and all the effects on the dog house were small.
white :: The white colour will permit the doghouse to be more fresh and to not get hot with the sun, as it would happen it it was painted with a darker colour
black :: the color might make the house a few degrees warmer depending on what is used. i picked black because it seemed to have the warmest readings.
black :: I think the best color is black, because that color increase the temperature at most. That is important for dog expecially in winter months. Thank you
white :: white color will not absorb heat as other color do so temp will be better and cooler
black :: If the dog lives in a cold climate, then the booth it is necessary to use black color. Black color will be better to take and hold the color of the sun, for the dog so it will be warmer. But if the dog lives in a hot climate, it is necessary to use white color for the kennel. The white color absorbs less heat and the dog will be cooler.
white :: The absorption of energy is longer when they are dark colors, so the white color will make the doghouse even cooler because there is not much absorption of energy.
white :: If the color used it's darker, the temperature raise more. When the color is more darker, it absorbes more light and, because of this reaction, it gets warmer.
black :: The best color to use for a doghouse is black, to keep the dog warm and cozy. The black color will affect the temperature rising it, because darkest colors absob more energy.
white :: white color affects the doghouse by keeping the inside a cooler temperature than the other colors can do. this is because the data table shows that the temperature air inside the jar with the lid was 42° C. The temperature of air inside a jar with a black lid is 53° C. Clearly this shows that white is a good color to use because it will keep the inside of the doghouse cool.
black :: It can be seen that the black color absorbs more energy in the dog's house, but thus resulting in an adequate temperature for your home.
dark_gray :: Dogs have a higher body temperature than humans. In winter, they must be warm, but the black color is not for the summer because it will be very hot in the cottage.
white :: White reflects more color, and the frequency emitted is redirected to the space around, being the blackest color the one that absorb the radiation and turning into UV, heating the premise of the doghouse.\n I'm going to compare the average of the black color with the white, knowing that the color palette of the colors between them are in a linear level of results for absorption.\n Black (53ºC) and White (42ºC), making a difference in 11ºC in average between the colors after 10 minutes.\n I live in a warm climate so the perfect paint to use is the white, to disperse more energy and making the doghouse more chill.\n If I lived in Russia, I would paint the doghouse black on the winter, to absorb and heat more the doghouse.
light_gray :: the more dark is the color , the more increase in temerature
white :: Not applicable
white :: the white presents change of lower temperatures that is why it is the most adequate
white :: the white for being a light color would make the booth keep a more pleasant temperature for the dog.
black :: It would increase temperature by a average of 11* C. This is useful for colder regions since even with limited sun light it will provide more warmth. Of course if the desired outcome is to cool then white should be used.
white :: According to the experiment, the white color would have lower temperatures, which would be more pleasant and bearable for the dog.
dark_gray :: Dark gray consisten
white :: According to the results, white is the best option and black is the worst
white :: No additional info needed
black :: The black color significantly affected the internal temperature in the experiment, having the highest increase of temperature among all the samples, because the black color is the darkest one, therefore, it absorbs more energy and, in this way, it generates a greater accumulation of heat.
black :: Black and other dark colors will attract and absorb heat from the sun and keep your dog warm.
white :: будет комфортно и удобно
dark_gray :: dark gray is better
white :: the white color disperses the light, helping the material that this white paint covers
white :: I choose white color because is less affected by heat
white :: If they use white paint, the doghouse should be fresher during summer
white :: smmsdeddd
white :: the white color reflects the light preventing the material from heating up to a lesser extent, using the white color because it is the one that provides the least remperature inside the base
light_gray :: dkddkdk
white :: The inside of the doghouse could become more heated with darker colors.  To keep an animal cooler a light color might work better, especially in warm climates.
white :: In sunny days the dog house may become too hot with dark color paint
white :: The darker the lid color, the greater the increase in air temperature in the glass jar, because darker colors absorb more energy. so the white color is the best of all as it does not  absorb more energy
black :: the reason is when the lamp overheats and this means that it turns black
white :: the color chosen has an influence on the temperature in the cage which results in the comfort of the dog
black :: Black and white
white :: ACCORDING TO THE EXPERIMENT, THE WHITE COLOR IS ABSORBED TO MINIMUM HEAT SINCE IT KEPT A CONSTANT TEMPERATURE AND THEREFORE THE INTERIOR WAS MUCH MORE  FRESH
white :: According to the results, white would be the coolest so perhaps the best color to paint a dog house. However, they just measured a small lamp area, and not a large doghouse sized area. I also think they should have tried more colors. And also, the climate where they are might help determine which choice would be the best for the safety of the dog.
dark_gray :: black
white :: The color of the inside of the doghouse would affect the heat absorption, white reflects more heat, black absorbs more heat
white :: According to the results the white color will absorb less energy which the dogs could have a more suitable temperature for them.
white :: The black lid had a greater increase in temp (53) compared to the white lid that had an increase of (42), thus the white lid indicated it would be best for a doghouse color so that the temp inside the doghouse does not rise to an uncomfortable level for your dog.
white :: White color would prevent the inside of the doghouse from over heat, it aborbs lees energy.
black :: black color lid absorbed the most light hence air temperature inside the jar is highest on all trial.
white :: Considering that darker colors absorb more energy therefore absorbing more heat energy the best option would be to make a white dog house so that the dog stays at a low temperature
light_gray :: In winter, the light gray color contributes to the optimal heating of the booth, and in the summer the dog does not live there.
black :: In the house, for example, dark terraces hold longer and longer sunshine heat.
white :: The lighter the colour the cooler the doghouse house would be, I presume the cooler the better in this case hence white produces consistently the lowest temperature after 10 minutes , conversley if the aim is the identify the colour that produces the highest temperature, black would be my suggestion, however in that case the dog would die more quickly as the starting temperature after 10 mins is higher than white.
dark_gray :: The inside of the dog house is warmer than the environment. Dark gray is a better choice because it provides the same heat effect at different temperatures.The white color would be the coolest.
dark_gray :: 11.2\n \n 11.2\n \n 0.0\n \n El plastico\n 7.2\n \n 7.1\n \n -0.1
white :: darker colors absorbs the most heat, because of can absorb all wavelengths of the light, reflecting none. Lighter objects reflects most wavelengths, absorbing less heat. That's why the temperature of the glass  jar with the white lid was considerably lower than with the other darkest lids.
black :: goo job
black :: Black color have a more temperature.
black :: As you probably already know, dark colors (black) will heat up more than light colors (white).White reflects more energy than black does. Given two identical glass containers - one being of one color A and another being of another color B and that they would be filled with, say, some identical heated liquid, and then allowed to cool .
light_gray :: based on the applied experiment it gave me a gray color with denoted 7.5
light_gray :: We added a little more heat to the experiment, giving a light gray cond ence 7.2
white :: With white paint color the air inside the doghouse is less hot and then the dog can stay insude with less suffering during sunny days. From the experiment with white paint we have an average of 42 ° C  instead 53 °C with black paint.
white :: mejor
dark_gray :: 1
white :: affects so that it does not absorb energy\n and at less temperature in the air
black :: Black
light_gray :: Put the black lid with the attached thermometer on the glass jar.\n Make sure the starting temperature inside the jar is 24° C.\n Place lamp 5 centimeters away from the lid and turn on the lamp.\n After 10 minutes measure the air temperature inside the glass jar and record as Trial 1
dark_gray :: The results from the experiment show that the dark grey colour will keep the temperature consistent and therefore this would be the colour I would choose as this would be suitable for a kennel as it would not get too hot or too cold.
black :: Black would retain more heat which would be the best choice for the interior paint.  Although dark gray had no variance, it did not attain a warmer temperature.
white :: In my opinion I would be looking for a room where the temperature is not varied quickly by external elements, I mean to say a gentle change in temperature is comfortable for me, and likely true for a dog. From the experimental results, I can see the white color paint gave the least rise in temperature from the ambient starting temperature. Hence my choice, of white.
black :: Well a doghouse is different because it is open to the air. The jar is closed to the air so the temperature will increase more drastically. It is still not a great idea to build a doghouse with black color because there will be more heat in there than a white house. The experiment should still work for a doghouse design and the lighter the color, should result in a lower temperature for the dog inside the house.
black :: the color black, has its pros and cons, since absorbing more energy than other colors .. this has to accumulate for longer ... in the day would be bad for the doghouse, but at night I would have more cold
white :: White color get cooler air in the doghouse
white :: White appears to be the color that is less prone to keep heat, so if we want confortable conditions the best color for the dog house is white, if it is going to be exposed to a constant source of light
white :: Ponga la tapa negra con el termómetro adjunto en el frasco de vidrio.\n Asegúrese de que la temperatura inicial dentro del frasco sea de 24 ° C.\n Coloque la lámpara a 5 centímetros de la tapa y encienda la lámpara.\n Después de 10 minutos, mida la temperatura del aire dentro de la jarra de vidrio y registre como Prueba 1.\n Apague la lámpara y espere hasta que el aire en la jarra vuelva a la temperatura inicial.\n Repita los pasos 2 a 5 para los ensayos 2 y 3.\n Repita los pasos del 1 al 6 para las tapas en gris oscuro, gris claro y blanco.\n Calcule y registre la temperatura promedio del aire para cada color de tapa
white :: no lo afectaria muhco
white :: Put the black lid with the attached thermometer on the glass jar.\n Make sure the starting temperature inside the jar is 24° C.\n Place lamp 5 centimeters away from the lid and turn on the lamp.\n After 10 minutes measure the air temperature inside the glass jar and record as Trial 1.\n Turn off lamp and wait until the air in the jar returns to the starting temperature.\n Repeat steps 2 through 5 for Trials 2 and 3.\n Repeat steps 1 through 6 for the dark gray, light gray, and white lids.\n Calculate and record the average air temperature for each lid color.
white :: How is the average air temperature measured
white :: The white color affects the interior of the doghouse in less intensity, since the average temperature inside the dog's house is 42 ° C, lower compared to the other colors, according to the experiment.
white :: The color of the outside affects the temperature of the inside of the doghouse.   A dog could potentially get overheated if it has a darker color and it is built in a place that has the sun shining on  it.  For example, a black roof and outside of a doghouse could raise the average temperature by 11 degrees as compared to a white dog house.
black :: The black color absorb more energy
dark_gray :: If you use dark grey the temperature of  the house will stay the same (48º in the experiment) therefore the dog will have an stable environment.
white :: According to the study the white would keep the air inside the doghouse colder, because it would reflect more energy. If the desired effect was the contrary (make the doghouse warmer) then the best color would be the black
white :: from the results the white color shows low temperature.
dark_gray :: I picked the dark gray since the results were constant for all three .   It would be good to know if the temperatures would change making the dog either too cold or too hot for comfort.  Not knowing what the optimum temperature I would like this would at least let me know that it would be consistent at 48.
white :: because  the temp is fixed through the five  Trial s.
white :: white
white :: 40 42 40 40
white :: airt temperature most down
white :: The results of the experiment suggest that using the color white as the paint color for the doghouse would decrease its inner temperature considerably in comparison with darker colors. This might be due to the properties of white paint, that causes a higher ammount of energy to be reflected and not absorbed.
white :: To have a normal temperature for the doghouse  a white lid was the best and  more sustainable temperature. They used four different colored lids and made  three difference distances for all four the lids.
white :: A doghouse with white color has a very low temperatur.
black :: Because it is a dark color, it will end up absorbing more energy.
white :: The white color absorbs less energy, therefore the temperature inside the doghouse would be less if they had choosen a dark color.
light_gray :: put the black lid with the thermometer attached to the glass bottle, ensuring the initial temperature of the bottle is 24 degrees Celsius, after 10 minutes measure the air temperature inside the container, repeat the steps with black light, dark gray, light gray and white
white :: blanco
black :: The darker the colour of the outer surface, the warmer the inside space will be. Black lids showed a higher temperature across all trials, while white was on the lower side of the spectrum.
"dark_gray :: it may hp;d heat within"
white :: Clearly the colors modify the temperature of the space according to the amount of energy that they are capable of absorbing and reflecting, so that the darker the color, the more energy absorbs and transmits to the interior of the container in the case of the dog house. convenient to use a lighter color that allows to maintain a pleasant temperature.
black :: taking into account the hypothesis implemented for the realization of the experiment, if the house is painted a very dark color (black), an increase in temperature would be obtained by the absorption of energetic
light_gray :: Light gray would be aesthetic and at the same time gives a very good temperature range compared to others. Although, the variance in temperature is inconsistent the rise in temperature is optimal. It indicates that light gray paint can help maintaining good temperatures in a doghouse in all seasons.
black :: How it's said by the suposition of the students. The darker colours are less translucid that the light ones, for different reasons. \n \n The light rays don't pass darker colours as they do with the light ones. What can cause retention of light, inside the glass jar, what direclty affects the temperature inside the jar, making it hotter than the light gray, or the white one.
black :: In cold climates, darker colors will absorb heat from the sun and keep the doghouse warmer inside. Light colors are good for warm climates, as they reflect the sun and keep the inside of the house cooler.
white :: It's too hot in black doghouse. Though the best way is build two doghouse: white for summer and black for winter.
black :: The doghouse will be hotter
white :: If the colour are darker, the dog house temperature will be higher. It is because from the result, we can see that the increase in the temperature is the highest when the lid is in black colour. The amount of increase will then decrease with the darkness of the lid from 29 degree Celsius with black lid to 18 degree Celsius with white lid.
white :: The table shows that the white color is the least heated. For a comfortable existence of a dog, it is necessary that the temperature inside a doghouse rises as little as possible. Therefore, the best color is white
white :: darker colors absorb more light and have higher temperature then, we can see that in results in this experiment.
white :: white paint color is the best because the color do not absorb too much heat compared to darker colour . the average air temperature isthe lowest and  this is suitable environment for the dog to live since it will not be too hot when the surrounding environment temperature increase
dark_gray :: Dark Gray is the most acceptable color for a dog kennel. It maintains the same temperature.And the temperature inside the cage will be regulated by the temperature of the dog's body itself.
dark_gray :: Dark Gray color will be the best choice for making a dog kennel. It maintains a constant temperature. The dog will create for itself a comfortable temperature that will depend on the temperature of the dog's body.
white :: the white color is heated less by maintaining a temperature of 42 degrees creates an optimal state for the temperature of the dog
dark_gray :: The darker the lid color, the greater the increase in air temperature in the glass jar, because darker colors absorb more energy.
white :: Considering a doghouse with direct sunlight, the best color to paint it with to keep a lower temperature inside would be color white. Looking at the results displayed in the experiment above, we can confirm that temperature inside a painted jar is lower the lighter the colour the jar is painted with, so that painting the doghouse white would allow our doghouse to maintain the lowest temperature when compared with the rest of the colors available.
white :: The temperature inside the  dog house will be much less hot than the other colors.
black :: 50    54       52      53\n 52   55        57    53\n 54     54      54     54\n 60      62      60    61
white :: more likely that dog has more vision
white :: Black absorbes light so temperature rises. White reflects light so it stays cooler inside the house.
white :: The doghouse would be the coolest inside when having white as the paint colour and hotter the darker the colour became. Black would make the inside of the doghouse warmest, so white would be the best choice to keep the doghouse cooler.
white :: at white doghouse the inside temp is less and is best suited for dog body and dog not feel suffocation due to heating
white :: The lighter the colour, then the cooler it will be in the dog house.
white :: I have selected white color because white color don't reflect hot temperature and all the other colors absorb any black or blackish color ( any gray color) and the doghouse will be more warm .
white :: Building a doghouse in dark colors would cause it to overheat it in the summer. Building it in light colors would allow it to stay cooler instead.\n It's clearly demonstrated in the experiment since the black lid's temperature average was 53 while the white one was 42.
light_gray :: Stir the mixture until combined and then start rolling the mixture in your hands . \n \n if the borax ball is cracked, add more glue
dark_gray :: light gray color optimal temperature for Doghouse\n Trial 1\n 48\n Trial  2\n 48\n Trial 3\n 48\n Trial 4\n 48
white :: This color would keep the dog's house cool in the summer but in the winter it would need much more protection against the cold
white :: The color of the doghouse would greatly affect the temperature inside the doghouse.\n I would definitely choose the color white because it has the less effect on the temperature inside. Base on the table, the color white shows lesser change in air temperature.
white :: The experiment shows that the darker the color the more energy is absorbed which means that if it is hotter outside it gets hotter in the dog house and if its colder the more energy gets out. So in order to maintain a constant temperature in the dog house I would say the white paint is the best option.
white :: White colour will be best choice. As shown in the results that white colour absorbs less energy and hence it will maintain the cooler air temperature inside the doghouse and will keep climate inside cooler and not much warmer.
white :: According to the results the most appropriate color would be the white, because it would keep the house less warm than with the rest of the colors, the heat that maintains the white color would be bearable by the dog, the other colors would not make it comfortable
dark_gray :: el color gris oscuro evitaria q ue entre tanta calor a la casa del perro
white :: from the experiment it is clear that white colour absorbs less heat so that colour is the best for the work.
white :: I would choose a white color, because according to the experiment is the color that absorb less energy. But keep in mind that a doghouse don't have a lamp and a white interior will get dirty quickly.
white :: Every color except dark gray and white will increase temperature in the dog house. Since the starting temperature is 24° C the dog will probably die on the sunny day.
white :: It was shown that the color that absorbs less heat is the target, therefore, to maintain a temperature similar to the exterior of the house, this color would be selected.
black :: according to the experiment is the color black
light_gray :: A shelter for the dog should have adequate insulation to protect the animal from both soil moisture and extreme temperatures.
white :: The darker colors provide too hot temperature in a doghouse on a sunny summer day. The white color ensures minimal changes in temperature, so it's the most convenient.
white :: The darker color the higher temperature. I chose White color for dog house so the dog wont be too hot on summer.
white :: In this experiment it shows that the three colors black, dark gray and light gray lid absorbs more light from bulb and increased the average air temperature in jar from 24 to 53 degrees .but white color absorb less light and the resultant air temperature remains the same as in trial 1 that is 42 so white color is  more suitable for buildings.
black :: I chose the color black, because it is the color that could be more damaging to the doghouse inside, since the dark colors absorb more radiation, while the clear ones reflect it. Therefore, the heat would be suffocating and much more harmful.
white :: The least heating showed white color, other colors led to more heating.
white :: Lights colors tends to reflect light, wich has energy that could heat a surface. Then, when light hits surfaces with light colors, these surfaces tend to absorb less heat than dark surfaces.
black :: The hypothesis is right. The black is warmer beacuse darker colors absorb more energy. More dark more energy
white :: use the white color with which there is less temperature in the air since they absorb less energy
black :: the dark colors capture the color better, as we see in the experimebto the black one was the one that more heated
white :: red
white :: The inside will be cooler at the same exterior temperature.
white :: ambient temperature
black :: because the color black  absorbs the temperature faster than other colors
black :: Energy is more
white :: it flexchuate with colouor as for white colour first it increase then there is a small chang in air temprature
