
"declared our independence from britain; ie established our intent to become our own country"
"free market capita;ism"
"religious separation that disagreed with other religions, like the puritans who wanted to ""purify everyone"""
"seeking religious freedom;"
"theoretically it is ""free market"" or capitalism."
1 stripe for each original colony.
13 colonies
13 is the original amount of states in the union
13 original colinies
13 original colonies
13 original colonies of the united states
13 original colonies.
13 original states
2nd amendment, right to keep and bear arms
a bad one
a combination of congress, the senate, and the president.  the law is created in congress.  if it's approved, then it is sent to the senate for approval.  if the senate approve, then it is sent to the president's desk for his consideration.  if he approves, then he signs it.  if he denies it, then he uses the presidential veto, which sends the bill back to congress.  in order for it to pass and become law without the president's consent, then it has to pass in congress again by a certain margin (which i can't remember right now).
a corporate welfare guised as a capitalist system.
a free market system
a market system
a market system of stocks and bonds
a new land. adventure.
a regulated free-market capitalist system
a right to the pursuit of happiness.
a set of laws we have to follow
according to population and economy status
acting president
after the original 13 colonies
allow the united states to become a country
allowed americans more rights.
allowed the colonies to overthrow their leader and declare independence for a free nation.
amount of people
amount of people in the state
amount of states
announced our separation from england
announced to gb that we we're down with they're rule.
announced to the british empire that the american colonies considered themselves a separate entity.
answer
articles of federation
asserted independence from british rule
bad but has been worse
based off of the 13 original colonies.
based on a global market, the marshall plan, and different mixtures of capitalism and socialism.
based on how big the state is
based on population
based on population determined by census every 10 years
based on population of state
based on the amount of citizens in the state.
because at declaration of independence, it included 13 original colonies who participated in founding of united states, as independent country.
because it is based on apportionment (population)
because it is done by population and some states have less of a population than others.
because of a larger population
because of population size
because of the amount of people that look in the state
because of the first 13 colonies.
because of the original 13 colonies
because of the original 13 colonies.
because of the population beses they represent in each state and county within the state.
because of the population of the state, mainly due to the census every 10 years.
because of the population of the states.
because of the size of the state
because of the state population
because of the state's higher population.
because representation is based on the number of people in the state
because some states have higher populations than other states.
because that was the number of the original colonies
because the population in those states is higher
because their population is bigger than other states
because there are more people in that state
because there were 13 original colonies when the declaration of independence was written and the flag was chosen.
because there were 13 original states.
because there were originally 13 british colonies.
because they have a bigger population
because they have a greater population
because they have a higher population.
because they have a larger population
because they have higher populations and the representative to percentage of people ratio must be the same in every state
because they have larger population
because they have more counties.
becouse population varies
bigger population
bigger population count
bigger states with more people will have more representatives.
bill of right
bill of rights
bill of rights.
bill of rigthes
bill of rihts
bills of rights
both the senate and the house of representatives which make up congress. not only does congress have to approve laws, but the president of the united states also has to sign bills into law.
cabinet chair
can't remember
capatalism
capitalism
capitalism (in theory, now mostly socialist)
capitalism / free market
capitalism i think free market
capitalism.
capitalism.  supply and demand.
capitalist
capitalist economy, market economy
capitalist market economy.
capitalist market system
capitalist system
capitalist.
capitalistic
capitalistics
capitolism
capitolist
captialism
chairman
checks and balances
chief
clean slate
colonies
combination of the house and the senate
commander in chief
congress
congress (senate and house of representatives)
congress (the senate and the house of representatives)
congress along with the president and the supreme court
congress and the house
congress and the house of representatives
congress makes a bill, president signs it into effect.
congress shall make no law against the freedom of speech, religion, etc.
congress which is made up of the house of representatives and the senate.
congress will not establish a national religion or prevent from free worship
congress, legislative branch
congress, senate and house, legislature
congress.
congress: house of reps and the senate.
conquer new land
constitutional amendments??
constitutional rights
corporatist capitalist with some government controlled markets
cut of ties with england and announce the formation of a new country.
declaration of independence
declare america independent from england
declare american independence from britain.
declare freedom
declare freedom from britain
declare independence
declare independence from britain
declare independence from britain and state rights of the citizens.
declare independence from britain and the problems we had with their rule
declare independence from britian
declare independence from england
declare independence from england, or the crown
declare independence from great britain
declare independence from great britain.
declare independence from the british
declare independence of the empire of britain.
declare national independice from england
declare our independence as a country, rather than just a colony of great britain.
declare our independence as a nation from britain
declare our independence from britain
declare our independence from britian
declare our independence from england
declare our independence from great britain
declare states independent from england who was the sole power at the time.
declare that the colonies were rejecting british sovereignty
declare that we are no longer accepting the british monarchy.
declare the american colonies a separate, independent nation from great britain
declare the american colonies' independence from britain
declare the colonies as free from british rule
declare the independence of the united states from great britain.
declare the original 13 colonies free from english rule.
declare the states' independence from england
declare the united states a separate country from the england, and essentially starting war for independence against england.
declare the united states' independence from great britain
declare the us its own country, set up a basis for law
declare united states as independent from control of other countries.
declare us a different country from britain
declare us a free nation
declare us independent from britain
declare usa's independence from the british
declare war against britain
declared america's independence from britain.
declared america's independence from england
declared independance from englamd
declared independence for the 13 american colonies from the british monarchy
declared independence for the colonies from england
declared independence form britain.
declared independence from britain.
declared independence from british interests.
declared independence from england
declared independence from england for the united states.
declared independence from england.
declared independence from great britain
declared independence from great britain.
declared independence from the british empire.
declared independence from the united kingdom
declared independence of america from britaish colonies
declared independence of america from england
declared our country's sovreignity, detaching ourselves from england
declared our freedom
declared our freedom from england.
declared our indepedance from england
declared our independence as a country from england
declared our independence from britain.
declared our independence from england
declared our independence from england.
declared our independence from great britain
declared our independence from great britain.
declared our intention to secede from great britain and establish our own country called the united states of america.
declared our separation from england.
declared our sovereignty as a nation independent of english rule
declared rights to the people
declared sepeartion of the colonies from britain
declared that the us is no longer a part of england.
declared that we were free from the british.
declared the 13 colonies independent from britain
declared the 13 colonies independent from british rule.
declared the 13 colonies independent from the british.
declared the 13 colonies independent of great britain.
declared the 13 colonies separation from great britain.
declared the american colonies independent from england
declared the colonies free from british rule
declared the colonies independent from great britain
declared the grievances of the american colonies toward the british government and made an argument for the american colonies to militarily defend themselves from the british
declared the independence of the american colonies from great britain.
declared the independence of the thirteen colonies from great britain
declared the original 13 colonies free from the empire of britain
declared the orignal 13 colonies independence from britain
declared the soverignty of our country from britian.
declared the united states independent from great britian
declared the united states independent of england.
declared the us independent from great britain.
declared the us's independence from england.
declared to the world why the american colonies were declaring their freedom from great britain
declared united states independent from england.
declared us independence from england
declares our independence from britain
declares our independence from great britian
declaried the colonies indepenant of britan
democracy
democracy economic system
democratic
denate majority leader
department of justice
depends on that that states population
depends on their population size
determined by the population of the state
difference in populations.
differences in population
digits, no physical value. dollars.
dollars
dont know
due to population
due to religious persecution in england, they wanted to rid themselves of the persecutors.
each of the first 13 colonies
each represents one of the 13 colonies
each stripe represents a colony.
each to represent the 13 original colonies
each war
economic gain, i.e. search for gold or things that could sell
economic opportunities
economic opportunity.
election?
electoral vote
escape british tyranny
escape from religious persecution.
escape religious oppression
escape religious persecution
escape religious persecution, get out of bad financial situation, move somewhere where they can start over due to bad reputation
escape religious persecution.
escaping religious persecution
establish the united states as its own country, not a colony of great britain
establish their own system of government without a king
everyone is created equal
exchange of capital
executive
executive branch
executive branch (president)
executive judicial legislative
executive legislative and judicial branches
executive, judicial, legislative
executive, legislative and judicial
executive, legislative and judicial.
executive, legislative, and judicial
executive, legislative, and judiciary
executive, legislative, judicial
executive.
expand
fair trial
federal
federal court
federal reserve
federal.
find land
for 13 original colonies
for a new life
for freedom
for freedom from religious persecution in england.
for new opportunities
for original 13 colonies
for religious freedom
for religious freedom.
for religious freedoms
for the 13 colonies
for the 13 original colonies
for the 13 original colonies.
for the first 13 colonies
for the number of original colonies
for the original 13 colinies
for the original 13 colonies
for the original 13 colonies that the united states of america were based off of.
for the original 13 colonies.
for the original 13 states.
for the original colonies
for the original thirteen colonies.
for the thirteen original colonies.
for trading
for wealth
formally declared the independence of the american colonies from britain
formally separate from uk
frame our government
free enterprise
free enterprise system.
free enterprise/capitalism
free market
free market capitalism
free market capitalist  system
free market economy
free market or capitalism
free market with some government regulation
free speech
free speech.
free the united states from england
free the us from british rule
free trade
free us from british rule
freed the us from british rule
freedom
freedom from great britain
freedom from persecution
freedom from religion
freedom from religious and social oppression
freedom from religious oppression
freedom from religious persecution
freedom from religious persecution.
freedom from religious prosecution
freedom from religous oppression
freedom from the anglican church
freedom of assembly
freedom of assembly.
freedom of association
freedom of press
freedom of reliegon
freedom of religion
freedom of religion.
freedom of religon
freedom of speach
freedom of speech
freedom of speech.
freedom of the press
freedom of the press and freedom of religion
freedom ofv religion
freedom to choose is not granted by the feds.
freedom to express one's opinions in public.
freedom to practice religion
freedom to worship
freedom to worship as they wanted
freedome
gave all men (and women) the right to life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness and declared that all are created equal.
gave all men and women the right to life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness and declared that all are created equal
gave freedom, life liberty and persuit of happiness
gave notice to great britian that the colonies intended to establish themselves as an independent nation.
gave the 13 colonies their independence from britain
gave the united states freedom from england
gave us freedom from england and to be own country
gave us freedom from france
get away from the british relgion
give everyone freedom and helped them get treated equally regardless of their race
give independence to the states.
give rights to americans.
gives freedom to people
gold standard
grant us independence
granted independence to the 13 original colonies.
granted united states independence from great britain.
granted us equality.
greater population
greater population, or more districts
greater populations
head of the house of representatives
help the united states separate from england
higher population
higher population, and more districts.
higher population.
house and senate
house of representatives
house of representatives.
house of reps leader.
house reps are allocated according to population, though senators are allocated two to each state.
house speaker
house, senate and judiciary
house, senate, president
how money flow in, out, and within the country.
i am not sure
i believe because of their population.
i do not know.
i do not remember
i don't know
i don't know. population?
i don't understand the question.
i dont know
i have absolutely no idea. honestly. i will look it up after this survey however, as i am now curious.
i think the supreme court justice
i'm not sure, capitalism
if the state is larger in population it has more representatives
if we're talking house and senate reps, they don't.
im not sure
in search of a better life
in search of freedom,
in search of prosperity.
indentured servitude to pay off debts
independence from british
independence from england
independent from british rule
informed people of what rights the united states expected.
informed the british government that its territories in north america wanted to be independent from their rule.
international decree of separation of the 13 colonies
it declared independence from england
it declared our independence from britain as well as our reasons for doing so.
it declared our independence from the brittish empire?
it declared that 13 british colonies were independent of british rule.
it declared the colonies as a sovereign nation free from the british empire.
it declared the us an independent country.
it depends on population in the state
it depends on the cities and counties, maybe
it depends on the population size of the state
it depends on their population
it established the political system of the new united states of america after its secession from the control of england.
it gave all men and women the right to life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness and declared that all are created equal. it also declared independence from great britain.
it goes through the legistlative then gets signed by the executive
it is based on population
it is based on the number of people in the area.
it is based on the popular v. the senate gives each state two senators
it is based on the states population and size
it officially declared the colonies of england as their own united government, each state becoming their own union united together.
it represents the 13 original colonies that defied british rule.
it represents the original 13 colonies before the war for independence.
it represents the original colonies.
it symbolized the original 13 colonies
it told the english/england that we were declaring ourselves independent of them.
it was a document sent to the king of england declaring the american colonies independent.
it's based on population
it's for the original 13 colonies
its a team effort from the president and congress.
its a world economy
its based on the population
its based on the states population
judical
judicial
judicial branch
judicial branch of the government
judicial branch.
judicial executive legislative
judicial, executive and
judicial, legislative and executive
judicial, legislative, and executive
judicial, legislative, executive
judicial, legislative, executive.
judicial, legistlative and executive
judicial.
judicialq
judiciary
judiciary, legislative, executive
justice
land
land and resources.
larger population
larger states, ones with a higher population, have more representatives
legaslative\nexecutive\njudicial
legeslative branch
legislative
legislative branch
legislative branch (congress)
legislative branch (congress).
legislative branch writes laws.
legislative branch, executive branch, and judicial branch
legislative branch.
legislative, executive, judicial
legislative, judaical, executive
legislative, judicial, executive
legislative, judicial, executive.
legislative, the executive, and the judicial branches.
legislative,judicial,and executive
legislative.
legislature
legislature/congress
legistive,executive,president
legistlative branch
leglislative, judicial, executive
libertarian
list wrongdoings of the british government on the colonies, and break off as an independent country
listed the colonies' grievances against the crown and parliament, and formal declaration of the colonies' independence from the crown.
longest serving memeber of the senate
looking for land
made all people free from european authority.
made the united as an official country. liberated from any english control
made the us a country
made the us independent from england
made us completely free and independent of britan
majority leader of the senate.
make the u.s. a free country
make the us' independence from great britain official.
make us an independent nation from england
marked america as free from england
market
market system
maybe the chief of military?
mixed market
mixed market system.
mixed-market capitalism
money
more citizens
more districts
more land
more people
more people in the state to represent
more population
more population in states lead to more house representatives
more population in states with more representatives
n/a
no idea
number of representatives is based on the most recent census data and congressional districting for that state
number of representatives is reflective of the population of the state.
number of reps are based on states populations.
number of reps is based on a percentage of the populations of each state.
of speech
one for each of the 13 colonies.
one for each of the original thirteen colonies
one of the reasons the original colonists came to america was to escape religious persecution.
one reason the original colonists came to america was religious freedom.
one rights
one stripe for each of the 13 original colonies
one stripe for each of the original 13 colonies
one stripe for each of the original 13 colonies.
opportunity... there was an aura of the potential to build a brand new, great, life
oppressive taxes in england
original 13 colonies
original 13 states
original colonies
our declaration of war with king george. i like how it points out that any legitimate overthrow of a government requires an explanation of why the revolt is occurring.
peoples rights.
politicans
poor living conditions
population
population dependent
population differences
population of state
population of the state
population of the state is greater
population size (bigger = more reps)
population-based representaiton
population.
preamble
president
president of the congress
president of the senate
president pro tempore of the senate
president, congress
president, elected officials
presidential
press
proclaimed independence from england
proclamation of independence
protection of free speech from government
pursuit of happiness
regulated capitalism
religion
religion prosecution
religious freedom
religious freedom.
religious oppression
religious persecution
religious persecution in england
religious persecution.
religious presecution
religious prosecution
religious reasons
religous freedom
remember the 13 colonies
represenatives are a reflection of population
represent the original 13 american colonies
represent the original 13 colonies
representation in the house is determined by population
representation is according to population
representation is based on population
representation is based on population and all states have a different population level
representation is based on population.
representation is determined by population
representative counts are based on state population
representatives are allocated based on census data and the drawing and redrawing of districts, and each state has a different number of districts than other states.
representatives are approportioned on the basis of population: approximately 1 for every 750,000 citizens
representatives are assigned according to population.
representatives are based on population
representatives are based on population of the country, and since certain states have higher populations, they therefore have more representatives.
representatives are based on the population of a given state and region.
representatives are based on the population of the state
representatives are chosen according to the number of people. if a state has a great population, they will have more representatives.
representatives from each state our based on population
representatives to the house of representatives is based on state population
representing the 13 original colonies
representing the british colonies
represents original 13 colonies
represents the 13 colonies
represents the 13 original colonies
represents the first 13 colonies.
represents the first 13 states
represents the original 13 colonies
republic
restricted congress from making any restriction on freedom of religion
right to assemble
right to bare arms
right to bear arms
right to free speech
right to remain silent
seats are based on state population density
sec. of state
secertary of state
secretary
secretary of state
secretary of state.
secretary of state?
secuatary of state
senate
senate and house of representatives (congress)
senate,house represevtives
senator
senators
separate from great britian
separated colonies from british rule by decree.
separated the colonies from england
separated us from england
separation from britain.
separation of church and state
setup guidelines for a new country independent of british rule
severed our ties with britain and declared us to be free and independent as well as list the grievances against king george
severed ties with great britain and declared america to be an independent country.
shows that america is independent from britain
size
size/population
social capitalism i guess
socialist democracy
some form of capitalism
some states are more populated
some states have a bigger population, which need more representatives
some states have a higher population to represent
some states have higher populations than others
some states have more representatives because they have a larger population.
some states have more senators than others because they have a larger population
someone from the house of representatives
something having to do with colonies
speaker
speaker of house
speaker of the house
speaker of the house (god forbid)
speaker of the house of representaives
speaker of the house of representatives
speaker of the house.
speaker of the housze
speech
speech.
speed
state
state size
state-supported capitalism
stated complaints of american colonists against george iii and declared the colonies independent.
stated independence of america from england.
states with higher populations get more representatives.
states with higher populations have more representatives.
states with larger populations have more representatives.
stock market and trade
supply and demand
suprem court
supreme court
supreme court, justice department, congress
supreme court.
suprime court
symbolizes the 13 original colonies.
symbolizing the original 13 colonies
system that determines who owns economic resources
taxes
tell the king of england we wanted independence.
the 13 colonies
the 13 original colonies
the 13 original colonies.
the 13 stripes represent the original 13 colonies
the 13 stripes represent the original 13 colonies that made up the u.s. at the time of their succession from britain.
the allotment of representatives is based on the number of citizens in that state
the american colonies declared their freedom from british rule
the amount of representatives each state has is dependant upon the overall population of that state.  the fewer the people, the fewer the number of representatives the state has.
the bill of rights
the bill of rights.
the candidate that didn't win
the congress
the congress and the president
the congress.
the congressmen
the constitution, agency law, us code, supreme court, us congress
the declaration of independence declared independence of the thirteen states in americal from english rule.
the declaration of independence declared the united states separated from great britain.
the declaration of independence gave all men (and women) the right to life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness and declared that all are created equal. it also declared independence from great britain announcing that the 13 american colonies then at war with britain were no longer part of the british empire.
the declaration of independence severed our relationship with great britain.
the declaration of independence.
the dependence of independence
the dollar
the economic system
the economic system in the united states is a free market system.
the economic system is equal employment opportunities for all.
the executive branch
the federal currency system
the federal sector
the first 13 colonies
the first protects speech, press, assembly and religion.
the flag has 13 stripes because they represent the original 13 colonies.
the flag has 13 stripes to represent the original 13 colonies.
the freedom of assembly
the freedom of speech
the freedom of unrestricted speech.
the government of the united states
the head of state
the house of representatives and the senate
the house of representatives and the senators
the house speaker
the judicial branch
the laws
the legislative body passes a law and the president signs it
the legislative bramch
the legislative branch
the legislative branch (house of represenatives and the senate).
the legislative branch (house of representatives and the senate)
the legislative branch (i.e., congress)
the legislative branch, aka the senate and the house of representatives
the legislative branch, consisting of the u.s. house of representatives, the u.s. senate, and the president of the united states of america.
the legislative branch.
the legislative system
the legislators
the majority leader of the house of representatives
the majority leader of the senate
the more people in the state the more representatives
the number is based on population, thus larger states have more representatives than less populated states.
the number of representatives are based on the population of the state.
the number of representatives is based on a state's population.
the number of representatives is based on the population of a particular state.
the number of representatives per state is based on population
the number of state representatives each state (beyond two) has is proportional to it's population.
the original 13 colonies
the original colonias
the original colonies
the original colonies.
the overall debt and money coming in and out, i think
the people
the population of the state
the president
the president of the senate or the speaker of the house.
the press
the puritan colonists felt their homes in europe were too tolerant of other religions, so they wanted to leave
the puritans wanted a place to practice religion free from government control.
the represent the original 13 colonies.
the representation in the house of representatives is based on population of states.
the right to bare arms.
the right to bear arms
the right to bear arms.
the right to freedom of speech
the right to freedom of speech and expression.
the secretary of state
the secretary of state.
the senate
the senate and house of representatives
the senate and the house of representatives
the size of the state determined when voting was not reasonable for everyone to go to the pollls
the speaker of the house
the speaker of the house becomes the president.
the speaker of the house of representatives
the speaker of the house of representatives.
the speaker of the house.
the stripes represent the thirteen original colonies that became states
the supreme court
the supreme court makes laws in the us.
the ten commandments?
the us flage has 13 stripes in honour of the first 13 colonies
the us supreme court
the vice president can appoint another vice president
their population is larger
their populations are larger
there were 13 original colonies
there were 13 original colonies and that is what they represent.
there were 13 original colonies.
there were 13orginal colony
they are bigger
they are larger
they have a bigger population, the bigger the population the more representatives they have
they have a greater population
they have a higher population
they have a higher population and the house of representatives is based on population of the state
they have a larger population
they have higher population than the other states.
they have higher populations
they have larger population
they have larger populations.
they represent the 13 original colonies.
they represent the original 13 colonies
they represent the original 13 colonies that broke away from britain.
they represent the original 13 colonies.
they represent the original 13 states
they signify the 13 original colonies
they wanted new oppotunities in a new land
they wanted the freedom
they wanted to practice thier own religion
they were looking for freedom of religion.
they were religious dicks who everyone hated so they wanted to go be self righteous on their own
thirteen original colonies
those states are more populated.
those states have a higher population than the ones with less representatives.
to avoid excessive taxes
to avoid religious persecution
to avoid religious persecution.
to be free from britain.
to be free to practice religion
to be free to worship as they saw fit
to be free.
to become free from the taxes of great britian
to discover new land
to escape british government.
to escape from religious persecution
to escape persecution based on religious beliefs.
to escape religious oppression
to escape religious persecution
to escape religious persecution.
to escape the british over taxing them
to escape the overpowering laws of those in power in england.
to escape the powerhouse which was the england or the british at the time
to escape undue taxation.
to exercise certain freedoms that were denied them while under the constant eye of the british empire.
to explore new territory
to farm the land and/or emancipate from brittain
to fight the religious oppression overseas.
to find china. and gold
to find work
to gain freedom of religion, to get away from the church of england
to get away from religious intolerence
to get away from the english king and his rules
to get away from the monarchy in england
to get away from the monarchy in great britain.
to get away from the opprresion and persecution of great britain
to get away from their own countries and to find new land
to get religious freedom
to have freedom of religion.
to have freedom of speech
to have religious freedom and to escape the pressures of taxes.
to make money
to make money farming
to practice their own religion
to represent each of the 13 original colonies.
to represent the 13 colonies
to represent the 13 original colonies
to represent the 13 original colonies of the united states
to represent the 13 original colonies.
to represent the 13 origonal colonies
to represent the first 13 colonies formed here
to represent the original 13 colonies
to represent the original 13 colonies.
to represent the original 13 states
to represent the original colonies.
to represent the thirteen colonies that were part of the us at the time the flag was made.
to search for a new world
to seek a better life and freedoms.
to seek freedom from religious persecution
to seek religious freedom.
to settled down
to symbolize the 13 original colonies.
to symbolize the original 13 colonies.
to symbolize the thirteen original colonies that broke off from the british and became the first states
tobbacco.
trade and manufacturing
treasurer
typically because they have larger populations.
u.s. congress, senate and house of representatives
uhh secretary of state?
unalienable
united states congress
united states congress and united states senate.
united the 13 states against tyranny
unsure
us congress
usd
value is determined by need/want for a product
vast amounts of land to reap for economic benefit
we use coins and paper in exchange for goods and services.
well, it used to be based on the value of gold to support the value of the us dollar.  not sure what they're using now.
wow, i can't believe i forgot this!
