"\nmixed"" economy"
"basically said ""screw you"" to great britain."
"declare independence from britain; free from taxation without representation."
"declared independence from the kingdom of britain. non-binding; not a national charter."
"i think it's the senate leader or the ""whip"""
"number of representatives is based off of population; if one state has a higher population than another state, it will have more representatives"
"original 13 colonies; new england"
"start a new life; some came as indentured servants, others came for religious freedom"
"the amount of representatives is determined by state population; the higher the population, the higher amount of representatives"
"the puritans came to america because of a rejection of their particular brand of protestantism; also during that time in england a resurgence in catholicism created a tense atmosphere for protestants"
"the united states congress; they are signed into law by the president"
"to explore the ""new world"""
"we rely a lot on trade. ""made in china"""
(don't know)
...
13 british colonies
13 coloies
13 colonies
13 colonies originally
13 colonies.
13 of the american colonies were free from british rule.
13 orig colonies
13 original colines
13 original colonies
13 original colonies of the us
13 original colonies.
13 original states
13 original states.
13 originl colonies
13 states was their when it was made
13 stripes representing the 13 original colonies.
1st amendment - freedom from religion.
?
? freedom of speech
???
a bill goes through congress and then the president can veto or sign it
a capitalist economy
a capitalist economy with some socialist aspects like medicare, social security, and government oversight organizations like the fda and the health department
a combination of capitalism + command
a document declaring our freedom from england.
a free enterprise and capitalism.
a free market system
a market economy
a market system
a market system that runs the economy.
a nation without a king or a pope
a new life
a system of economics
a total failure.
allowed the states to become independant.
announce the colonies' desire to be free from british government
announce the us's independence from britain.
announced america's seperation from great britain and explained why.
announced our independence from england
announced our separation from england
announced that the 13 colonies were free of british rule
announced the us's intentions to split from britain and govern itself
announced to the crown that the colonies were no longer going to recognize them as their government
another person in government
answer
army general
articles
as a criminal punishment
assembly
assert the united states' independence from great britain.
asserted why the united states was declaring independence from great britain.
based off of size of population
based off the decimal dollar system.
based on number of residents
based on population
based on population (in house of reps at least)
based on population of said states
based on population of state
based on population of the state.
based on population size
based on population size representation
based on population.
based on that states population
based on the number of counties in each state and its population
based on the population of the state
based upon size of the population
bear arms
because it depends on their political preference
because it is based on the states population
because of population
because of population size.
because of state's population.
because of the 13 colonies in the beginning of us history that started america
because of the 13 original colonies
because of the original 13 colonies
because of the origional thirteen colonies
because of the population size
because of their population
because representatives are allotted based on population size
because representatives are based on population.
because some states are more populated than others.
because some states have higher population
because some states have higher populations than others
because some states have more people than other states
because the contain a higher population
because the number of representatives in the house is proportional to state population
because there are more people in some than others
because there is more people to represent.
because these are based off of the population of the state
because they are bigger in population
because they are elected according to the population of the state
because they are larger
because they are more heavily populated.
because they are more populous
because they had 13 colonies
because they have a bigger population
because they have a higher population
because they have a higher population of people.
because they have a larger population
because they have a larger population than other states
because they have greater populations
because they have higher populations
because they have larger populations
because they have less people
because they have more constituencies
because they have more constituents
because they have more people living there.
because they were criminals and it was that or prison
bigger
bigger population
bigger populations
bigger states
bill of right
bill of righta
bill of rights
bill of rights.
bill of rights?
bill of rightsq
bill rights
bills of rights
both houses of congresses.
bring back wealth to their mother countries
business?
by the population of each state more representatives are required
caitalism
call declared the 12 colonies independence from britain
capatalism
capatalist
capiatlism
capistalism
capital
capitalisim.
capitalism
capitalism (kind of)
capitalism (with some social welfare)
capitalism with some socialistic parts also (mixed)
capitalism, as it was in england
capitalism, sort of
capitalism, turning slowly to socialism
capitalism.
capitalism/consumerism
capitalism?
capitalist
capitalist and free market
capitalist economy
capitalist.
capitalist/jewish
capitalist/socialist
capitalistic
capitolism
captialism
captilism
cause we had 13 state when we started
ceded from great britain
chance at a better, longer life
chance for prosperity
chaos/capitalism
checks and balances
cheif justice
chief of staff
colonies
colonists - to settle the land in the name of the british crown.
combination of free market
combination of the president, the senate, and the house of representatives.
commercial
congresional
congress
congress & senate
congress (the house of representatives and the senate) pass the law, and the president signs the law into action
congress and house of representatives
congress and senate
congress and the house of representatives
congress and the house of representatives. (legislative branch)
congress and the president
congress creates laws, though sometimes a presidential executive order can do so
congress is determined by population
congress is in charge of making federal laws.
congress makes laws
congress makes the federal laws
congress or house
congress or senate
congress pass, president signs
congress passes the laws, while the president signs them.
congress passes them to the president, who decides to sign or veto them.
congress proposes laws
congress unless the president vetoes it or the supreme court finds it unconstitutional
congress votes
congress writes and votes on laws, the president signs to them to make them go into effect
congress, senate and president
congress, senate, & president
congress, senate, and president
congress, senate, president
congress- house of representatives and the senate
congress.
congress/legislative branch
congress?
congressional branch
congressional, executive, senate
congressmen
consumerism
conveyed to the english crown that the american colonies had decided to govern themselves.
corporatism
corporatist- we are free market in name only
courts
create and separate the colonies from the british
created the united states as a free country separate from great britain
crony capitalism
decided by population
declaration of griviences from britain
declaration of independence
declaration of independence declared our independence from england
declare america a free country
declare america free from britain
declare america's independence from england
declare america's independence from great britain
declare american independence from england.
declare american independence from great britain
declare and liberate to form the u.s.a. from great britain
declare are independence
declare colonial american independent from great britian
declare freedom from britain?
declare freedom from england
declare independance from britain
declare independance from england
declare independence between thirteen colonies and great britain
declare independence from britain
declare independence from britain to make american controlled by the people living in it.
declare independence from britain/uk
declare independence from britan
declare independence from britian
declare independence from british rule
declare independence from england
declare independence from england.
declare independence from great britain
declare independence from great britain's rule
declare independence from great britain.
declare independence from the british and establish that we were a sovereign nation
declare independence from the british and establish the united states be recognized as it's own country.
declare independence from the british crown
declare independence from the british monarchy.
declare independence from the british.
declare independence from the colonial power england
declare independence from tyranny
declare independence of the colonies from britain
declare independence of the united colonies from great britain
declare independence of usa from great britain
declare intent to separate from britain.
declare our independance from england
declare our independence
declare our independence from britain
declare our independence from england
declare our independence from england and establish a new democracy
declare our independence from gb
declare our intent for independence
declare ourselves independent from england
declare separation from great britain
declare that the 13 colonies are no longer to be ruled by england
declare that the 13 us colonies were free of british rule
declare the 13 colonies independent from england
declare the american colonies independent from great britain
declare the colonies independence from britain
declare the colonies independent from great britain
declare the colonies of america as independent.
declare the colonies of england over the atlantic ocean an independent collection of states, separated from the monarchy
declare the colonies separate from the british empire
declare the colonies to be independent of great britain.
declare the colonies to no longer be under the control of great britain
declare the colonies' independence from britain
declare the colonies' independence from britain.
declare the colonies' independence from king george iii.
declare the country independent from england
declare the independence of the american colonies from the british empire.
declare the independence of the united states from great britain
declare the independence of the united states from the british empire.
declare the u.s. independent from britain
declare the u.s. independent from great britain
declare the u.s. independent states from other countries.
declare the united state's independence from great britian
declare the united states of america an independent state from england
declare the united states' independence from england
declare the united states' independence from england.
declare the unites states a free country independent from england.
declare the untied states as it's own country away from england
declare the us as a free nation
declare the us as independent from british rule
declare the us as separate from england
declare the us independence from britain.
declare the us independent from british rule
declare the us' independence from the foreign oppression of great britain.
declare the us's independence from britain
declare the usa a separate country from england
declare the usa independent from the british crown
declare the usa indepenent of england
declare the what were formerly the territories of britain to be independent states and a country operating under it's own government for it's own interests.
declare to england that the colonies would be a separate country, without their rule.
declare to king george (not sure of which one) that we are now separating from the uk and will become our own country.
declare u.s to be free from british rule.
declare us independence from the british and the formation of our union.
declare us independent of great britain
declare war with great britain, and to announce our intention of independence with the international community.
declared america a sovereign nation independent from great britain
declared america an independent nation from britain
declared america to be free from british rule.
declared america's independence as a country from britain
declared america's independence from england
declared america's independence from europe as its own nation
declared america's independence from great britain.
declared america's intention to no longer be a british colony
declared american independence for england
declared american independence from britain
declared american independence from great gritain
declared are independence from great britain
declared certain basic liberties that were being violated by england and asserted us independence on that basis.
declared freedom from britain
declared indendence from great britain
declared independance from the british?
declared independence
declared independence for the states at that time from britain
declared independence from britain
declared independence from british rule
declared independence from england
declared independence from england and established the united states of america as it's own country
declared independence from england and the monarchy.
declared independence from england, and put us in a state of revolutionary war.
declared independence from england.
declared independence from england/ great britain
declared independence from english rule. established the us as a nation.
declared independence from great britain
declared independence from great britain in order to officially create the usa.
declared independence from great britain.
declared independence from the british
declared independence from the british empire.
declared independence from the british.
declared independence from the united kingdom
declared independence from the united kingdom.
declared independence of the 13 colonies from great britain.
declared independence of the united states from england
declared independence of the united states from great britain
declared independence of united states from britain
declared independence.
declared indpendence from england
declared intent to secede from england
declared or independence from the british monarchy
declared our freedom from england in 1776
declared our independance as a free country
declared our independence
declared our independence as a nation from great britain
declared our independence from britain
declared our independence from britain.
declared our independence from british rule.
declared our independence from england
declared our independence from england and the king.
declared our independence from england.
declared our independence from great britain
declared our independence from the english crown, asserted our sovereighnty
declared our intention to split from england
declared our intentions to break away from england and listed grievances against the king.
declared separation from britain
declared separation from england
declared sovereignty from the british crown.
declared that america be recognized as its own country
declared that the 13 colonies were independent from the british empire.
declared that the american colony no longer recognized the authority of england.
declared that the colonies were no longer part of the british empire
declared that the colonies were their own country, separate from england
declared that the former british colonies now came together as the united states to formerly declare that their intent behind the american revolution was to separate from great britain's rule
declared that the united states is no longer part of the brittish
declared that the united states was an independent country.
declared that the united states would no longer be a part of great britain
declared that we were an independent nation -- no longer part of britain
declared that we would be an independent country from england
declared the (previously) 13 colonies of the (new) united states of america to be a separate entity from great britain, which had owned the colonies up until that point.
declared the 13 colonies free of british rule.
declared the 13 colonies independent states
declared the 13 colonies to be independent from the british empire
declared the american colonies free from british rule.
declared the cessation of the colonies from england.
declared the colonies independence from england
declared the colonies independence from england. no taxation without representation
declared the colonies separate from the british monarchy
declared the colonies seperation from england
declared the colonies to be free from british rule
declared the colonies' decision to become independent from british tyranny.
declared the colonies' intent to separate from britain.
declared the colonists' independence from great britain
declared the colony's independence from britain.
declared the independence of the 13 colonies form britain
declared the independence of the 13 colonies from the british.
declared the independence of the thirteen colonies from england
declared the nations independence from great britain
declared the original 13 colonies as a nation free from the british empire.
declared the states' freedom from england
declared the thirteen american colonies to be independent from british governance.
declared the thirteen colonies no longer under british rule
declared the thirteen us colonies independent of britain.
declared the u.s. as an independent country
declared the united states (or rather, the body of the u.s. at the time) independent from great britain
declared the united states a separate, independent country from england.
declared the united states as a nation independant from british rule
declared the united states independent from any other country
declared the united states intentions of becoming a self sustained nation.
declared the united states its own country
declared the united states' independence from britain and her queen.
declared the untied states of america free from control of the british crown/monarchy law and unfair taxation without representation.
declared the us a free country from britain
declared the us a sovereign nation from england
declared the us as an independent country from britain
declared the us as separate from england
declared the us free from england
declared the us independence from great britain
declared the us independent from britain
declared the us independent from britan
declared the us intent to be free of english rule.
declared the us separate from great britain
declared the us's indepedence from britain
declared the us's independence from britain
declared the usa's freedom and independence from england.
declared the usa's independence from britain.
declared to england that we were a free nation.
declared united states independent from england.
declared united states intention to separate from england
declared us a free nation from britain
declared us free from england's rule
declared us freedom from british rule
declared us from england
declared us independence from british rule
declared us independence from great britain
declared us independence from the british empire
declared usa an independent country from england
declared usa(new england) free from british control.
declared war against king george the fifth and announced the separation of the american colonies from the british empire
declares independence from britain
declares independence from england
declares independence from great britain
declares independence of the colonies from england
declares our independence from great britain
delacre our independance from england
delcared intent of removing from england
democracy
democrat
democrate, republican, independant
democratic
democratic (democracy)
democratic capitalism
democratic republic
dependent on population of the state
depending on their population
depends on population
depends on size of population
depends on state population
depends on the amount of people int the state
depends on the population
depends on the state population
detached the colonies from english rule
determined by population of the state based upon the most recent national census data
determined by the population of the state
determined by the population of the state.
didn't want to be under the rule of a king and queen.
difference in population
difference in state laws
differences in population
different number of constituents or people per state
dissolve the colonies ties with england
dog-eat-dog capitalism
dollar bill
dollars
don't know
don't know.
due to a higher population
due to having a higher population
due to population
due to population differences
due to population of the state.
due to their population being larger
each strip represents one of the 13 colonies
each stripe is for the thirteen original colonies.
each stripe represents an original colony
easy land
economic opportunities
economic opportunity
economy
electoral map
emancipated the u.s. from england.
england wasn't puritanical enough
entailed the bill of rights
enumerate our issues with the king of britain, and declare our independence from their empire
escape from religious persecution
escape from religious persecution.
escape from religious prosecution
escape persecution
escape religious extremism
escape religious persacution
escape religious persecution
escape religious persecution (ie puritans)
escape religious persecution.
escape tax
escaping religious persecution
establish america's separation from great britain
establish secession from england
established that the 13 colonies were going to break away from the british
established the 13 colonies as independent from great britain
established the colonies as independent states.
established the u.s.a. as a country separate and independent from britain.
established the united states
established united states
exactly what it's named.
excutive
executive
executive and legislative
executive branch
executive branch.
executive judicial and congress
executive legislative judicial
executive, congress, and senate
executive, congress, senate
executive, judaical, and legislative.
executive, judicial and legislative
executive, judicial and legislative.
executive, judicial, congressional
executive, judicial, legislative
executive, judiciary, federal
executive, judiciary, legislative
executive, legislative and judicial
executive, legislative, judicial
executive, legislative, judicial,
executive, legislative, judiciary
executive.
executivw
expansion and imperialism
expansionism of europe
explained the freedom available to americans
exploration
exxecutive
fair/free market capitalism
farming
federal
federal government
federal legislature (congress/senate)
federal, state, local
financial gain
find a quicker route to india
find land
first 13 colonies
first 13 colony that settled
first corporations and special interest groups pay for the campaigns of the members of congress and the presidency. in return for the financial backing these corporations and special interest groups suggest new laws to members of congress. these are proposed in the form of bills, thinly guised as laws to somehow help the american people. the bill passes or not depending on how many members of congress owe favors to people for or against the bill, then is either signed or vetoed by the president according to who he owes favors to.
fiscal
flee from religious persecution.
fleeing religious oppression
for a long time it was representative of the states population, now it is just an antiquated, disproportionate way of representing the people.
for an opportunity to freely express religion
for each of the 13 original colonies
for each of the original colonies
for economic opportunities
for freedom
for land
for original 13 colonies
for religious freedom
for religious freedom.
for religious freedoms
for the 13 colonies
for the 13 colonies.
for the 13 original colonies
for the 13 original colonies that composed the us at the beginning
for the 13 original colonies.
for the 13 original states or because the freemasons/illuminati or whoever designed it that way
for the first 13 colonies
for the first 13 colonies.
for the first 13 states
for the land
for the original 13 colonies
for the original 13 colonies.
for the original 13 states
for the original 13 states?
for the original 13 us colonies
for the original thirteen colonies
for the thirteen original colonies.
for their own land
forgot name, no clue what it's called.
forgot..
formalize the rebellion of the us from britain.
formally announced the american colonies' intention to break away from england and their reasons for doing so.
formally break us away from the british monarchy
formally declare independence as a nation from britain.
free
free economy
free enterprise
free enterprise.
free enterprise?
free excess of religion
free from britain
free land
free market
free market based off capitalism
free market capitalism
free market system
free market/capitalism but trending more towards a socialist blend with corporate oligarchy
free market/capitalist
free market?
free of speech
free religion
free speech
free speech, bear arms, fair trial
free speech.
free the colonies from the british rule
free the usa from england
free trade
free us from britain
free world
free-market
free-market capitalism
freed america from the british
freed the 13 colonies from great britain
freed the slaves
freed us from british rule
freed us from british ruling
freed us from the brits
freedom
freedom from english rules.
freedom from high taxes
freedom from persecution of religion
freedom from prosecution
freedom from religion
freedom from religion.
freedom from religious oppression
freedom from religious persecution
freedom from religious persecution.
freedom from religious prosecution
freedom from the crappy 'vulgarity' of england, religious freedom
freedom from the monarchy of england
freedom of assembly
freedom of citizens to peaceably assemble
freedom of expression
freedom of press
freedom of religion
freedom of religion and speech.
freedom of religion.
freedom of religion?
freedom of religionq
freedom of religon
freedom of speach
freedom of speec
freedom of speech
freedom of speech & religion, right to bear arms, search and seizure, right to trial, one about cruel and unusual punishment, rights of states i can only remember 6
freedom of speech (1st amendment).
freedom of speech for the press
freedom of speech, religion, & press.
freedom of speech.
freedom of speech... maybe.
freedom of speech/right to assemble
freedom of the press
freedom of the press.
freedom or religion
freedom speech
freedom to (peaceably) assemble.
freedom to assemble
freedom to believe what you want
freedom to express religious views without persecution
freedom to free speech
freedom to peaceably assemble
freedom to practice religion
freedom to practice religion.
freedom to practice their own religion without persecution.
freedom to practice their religion
freedom to redress grievances
freedom to religion
freedom to talk freely
freedom to worship how they please.
freedom.
freedome of religeon
freedoms
gain land
gave all men and women the right to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness.
gave all people the right to liberty.
gave all people the right to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness.
gave america freedom
gave everyone rights.
gave everyone the right to life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness and declared that all are created equal.
gave independence
gave the right to live
gave the us freedom from england
gave the us independence from gb
gave us it's freedom from british rule
gave us our independence from britain
gave us our rights and freedoms from england, our rights to persue, life, liberty and equality for all.
gaves everyone rights
george washington
get away from persecution of religion
give america freedoms.
give american citizens rights
give independence
give people the right to freedom of speech?
give us our independence from england
gives everyone in the us the right to try to live life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness.
gives us freedom
goes by population
gold
gop
government
government-regulated, free market capitalism.
governor of washington
grant the united states freedom from english rule.
granted us independence from britain
greater population
grow tobacco
hands off economics
have no clue i didnt even knew they had that
have the 13 american colonies declare independence from the british empire
he speaker of the house.
head judge
head of congress
head of defense?
head of senate
head of state
head of the house
helped the us separate from england's power
hey have larger populations.
higher populated states.
higher population
higher population = more districts in the state = more house reps
higher population gives more seats in house
higher population.
higher populations
highest ranking senator
house
house and senate
house majority leader
house of congress
house of representatives
house of representatives is based on population
house of representatives is based on population of each state
house of representatives, congress,
house of representitives
house of the representatives
house representatives are determined by the population of each each
house speaker
house speaker.
human rights
hybrid: mix of competitive markets and oligopolies
i believe it is the speaker of the house.
i declared the independence of the colonies in america from england.
i do not know
i don't know
i have no idea
i think it's speaker of the house
i think its freedom of speech
i think the person in control of financial or was it the guy in control of the military..
i think to get whatever resources they could
i'm not sure. i'm going to guess the speaker of the house.
identified us as a nation separate from that of britain
in europe,first born sons inherited and the younger siblings didn't, they made for america as a way of making their way in the world.
in memeory of the 13 colonies
in search of land
in search of new land
independence from britain
independence from britian
independence from england
independence from great britian
independence from the british.
independence of america from britain
independent from britain
informally declared america's seperation from england
informed britain that america was no longer going to accept its unfair dictations.
it claimed independence from england
it confirmed our independence from brittian.
it declared america's independence from great britain
it declared colonial independence from england.
it declared independence from the british
it declared independence from the british empire
it declared independence from the british empire.
it declared independence.
it declared our independence from britain and how we were now our own country in...i think 1786?
it declared our independence from great britain.
it declared our independence from the british empire
it declared that the 13 colonies of north america belonging to the uk were now an independent country.
it declared that the colonies were free from british rule.
it declared the american colonies independent of english rule
it declared the establishment of the united states.
it declared the independence of the colonies from british rule.
it declared the united states was it own independently ruled government, and not under the british rule any longer.
it declared the united states' independence from great britain.
it declared the us's independence from britain
it depends on population
it depends on the number of people in the state.
it depends on the population of the state
it depends on the population of the state.
it depends on the size of the states and how many constituents they have.
it gave opportunity to start over
it is a bigger state or has more people in the court room
it is a combination of congress, the president and the federal judiciary.  each has their own role.
it is a free market system, mainly ruled by supply and demand
it is a guideline of how the government should operate
it is based off population
it is based on population
it is based on population of the state
it is based on population so heavier populated states will have more representatives
it is based on population.
it is based on the number of people in the state.
it is based on the population
it is based on the population of the state
it is based on the population of the state.
it is based on the population of the state. the more people, the more representatives are needed
it is considered fair to offer states with more citizens and therefore taxpayers more say in government and the solution was to provide them with more representatives.
it is determined by population
it is determined by population of the state.
it is determined by population size
it is done by population
it is proportional to the number of districts a state has, which has to do with population density.
it is proportionate to the population of the state based upon the census given every 10 years.
it made it okay to kill the british
it really pissed off the king of england.
it represents the 13 colonies
it represents the 13 original colonies that rebelled against england
it represents the 13 original colonies.
it represents the original 13 colonies
it represents the original 13 colonies.
it represents the thirteen colonies or states that were formed when our forefathers first settled in america.
it separated america from britain.
it served to show england that we where seceding from their nation.
it signified america's independence from the british government.
it told england that we were done with them.
it was a document that established the united states as a country and declared freedom from england.
it was a document that the continental congress signed and sent to the british monarchy to signify their separation from the dominion of the british crown
it was basically the colonies telling britain they wanted independence from them.
it was our statement of separation from british rule.
it was the land of milk and honey, who wouldnt want to go.
it's based on population
it's based on population and districts
it's based on population of the state
it's based on population of the states
it's based on population.
it's based on state population.
it's based on the number of people in a specific district. less people in a state means less representation.
it's based on the population of each state
it's based on the state's population
it's based on their population.
it's based upon population.
it's determined by population
it's the system of give and take that gets goods, services, and money from person to person.
it's weighted by population
its based on population
its on the tip of my tongue but i can't think of it right now.
its suppose to be capitalism
jesus and his twelve disciples make thirteen in total
judaical branch.
judaical, legislative, and executive.
judaical, legislative, executive
judical\nexecutive\ncommerical
judicial
judicial (house and senate are the other two)
judicial branch
judicial branch of government
judicial legislative excutive
judicial legislative executive
judicial system
judicial,
judicial, executive,
judicial, executive, and i forgot the third
judicial, executive, and legislation
judicial, executive, and that other one
judicial, executive, congressional
judicial, executive, legislative
judicial, executive, legislative.
judicial, executive,legislative
judicial, legislative and executive
judicial, legislative,
judicial, legislative, and executive
judicial, legislative, executive
judicial, legislative, executive.
judicial.
judiciary
judiciary, executive, legislative
judiciary.
july 4th, 1776. delare new england as a separate country from britain. usa
keysesian?
laissez faire capitalism
laize faire free market
land
land ownership.
land they could actually own and farm on.
larger population
larger population.
larger populations
larger states
larger states have more representatives to reflect the population of the particular state
lazis faire
leader of the house
leader of the house of representatives
leader of the senate
legastlative, executive, federal
legeslative, executive, judisairy
legislative
legislative (the others are executive and judicial)
legislative and executive branch
legislative and executive branches
legislative brach congress and senate
legislative branch
legislative branch (congress)
legislative branch (congress) writes the laws.
legislative branch (senate and house)
legislative branch including president and congress
legislative branch of the government
legislative branch or congress
legislative branch, congress
legislative branch.
legislative branch. congress.
legislative branch/congress
legislative government
legislative, executive and judicial
legislative, executive, and judicial
legislative, executive, judicial
legislative, executive, judiciary
legislative, judicial, and executive
legislative, judicial, executive
legislative, judicial, executive,
legislative, judicial, presidential
legislative, judiciary, executive
legislative.
legislative/executive branches of government.
legislature
legislature, congress, the sentate
legislature.
legistlative branch (congress)
legsilative
liberated america from england
life
life liberty and the pursuit of happiness
life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness.
looking for gold
lower taxes
made america a free country from england
made america free and independent from the british who controlled america at the time
made our intentions to be free and sovriegn known to britain.
made the 13 colonies independent of england and to be able to form their own government
made the original 13 colonies independent
made the u.s. separate from britain
made the united states a country away from control in britain
made the united states its own democracy
made the us independent from britain.
made the us independent from the uk
made the us its own country, independent from british rule.
made us into an independent nation and freed us from england
majority leader of the senate ???
majority speaker
majority whip in the senate
make america independent from british rule
make the americas independent from britain.
make the us an independent nation
make the usa free.
make us independent of being colonies to britain
many came for religious freedom.
many came seeking wealth in the form of gold, silver, fur, timber, or other natural resources
market
market capitalism
market economy
market system
market system.
market system/ capitalist economy
mix of capatilism and socialism
mixed
mixed capitalism
mixed capitalist
mixed economy (capitalism + government intervention at times)
mixed economy?
mixed market
mixed market system
mixed, but predominately free market
modified capitalism
monetary
more citizens
more electoral colleges
more electoral votes from population
more people
more people.
more population
more population and towns
more population in that state
mostly capitalism
must pass in congress and be signed by president.
new election
no clue
no idea
no idea, don't remember being told about this one.
no laws against or for a particular religion
no opportunities left in their original lands.
not be persecuted from religion
not sure
not sure about this one
not sure what it is called
not sure which one was first, freedom of speech is my guess though.
not sure, the person who ran against them?
not sure.
not sure. i know the condition of the economic system is not great.
not sure... due to population amount?
notify england that we intend to no longer recognized their legitimate authority and no longer intended to accept their rule.
number of delegates based on population
number of members is determined by the states population.
number of original colonies.
number of people
number of representatives are based on population of state
number of representatives are determined by total state population
number of representatives is based on a state's population.
number of representatives is dependent on the population of the state. bigger population means more representatives and vice versa.
number of representatives is population based
ofr
one for each colony
one for each of the 13 colonies
one for each of the 13 original colonies
one for each of the original 13 colonies
one for each of the original colonies
one for each of the original colonies.
one for each original colony
one reason was that in european countries the first-born son inherited all of the fathers land. some of the younger sons then came to america to get their land.
original 13 colonies
original 13 colonies that declared independance
original 13 colonies.
original 13 states.
original amendments
original colonies
original colonies.
original number of colonies
original states
original thirteen colonies
originally there were 13 colonies in the u.s.
originally there were 13 colonies when the country formed after declaring independence
origional 13 states
penal colony
people could worship their religion free from persecution.
people who are elect to the government, or the representatives and senators
persecution from religion
persecution of religion
petition
politcal oppression
population
population and size
population based
population count
population density
population difference
population differences
population differences.
population is bigger
population numbers
population of it's citizens
population of the state
population size
population size.
populationo
president
president pro temp
president pro temp of senate
president pro temp of the senate
president pro tempore of the senate
president, congress,
presidential
pretty much it the law we follow today
privacy
pro temper of the senate
proclaim freedom
proclaimed independence from england
prohibiting any law against the establishment of region.
protect the constitution and people
public and private both have control, not sure what it's called
put our rights on paper.
quasi-capitalism
ratification?
regulated capitalism
regulated free market, socio-capitalist
religeous freedom
religion
religion and oppression.
religion freedom/choice
religiono
religious beliefs
religious differences
religious freedom
religious freedom and political fredom
religious freedom.
religious freedoms
religious intolerance...
religious oppression
religious persecution
religious persecution in europe
religious persecution in great britain
religious persecution.
religious prosecution
religous freedom
religous intolerance
represent 13 original colonies
represent 13 original colonies.
represent the 13 original colonies
represent the 13 original colonies.
represent the 13 original states
represent the orginall 13 colonies
represent the original 13 colonies
represent the original 13 colonies.
representation is based on population. the larger the population the more representatives.
representation is proportional based upon population.
representative of the 13 original colonies
representatives are allocated based off of population of the states after each census.
representatives are allocated based on population (census results)
representatives are apportioned according to a state's population.
representatives are apportioned by popultaion
representatives are awarded to states based on their population size.
representatives are based on number of inhabitants of each state so more populous states have more representatives.
representatives are based on population
representatives are based on population of each state, some states have higher populations
representatives are based on population.
representatives are based on population. if a state is more highly populated, it has more representatives.
representatives are based on populations gathered in the census
representatives are proportional to a state's population.
representatives of states are based on population
representing the 13 original colonies.
representing the first 13 colonies
representing the original 13 colonies
represents 13 original colonies
represents the 13 colonies
represents the 13 original american colonies
represents the 13 original colonies
represents the 13 original colonies of america.
represents the 13 original colonies.
represents the 14 original colonies.
represents the original 13 colonies
represents the original 13 states
represents the thirteen colonies
right of petition
right to a free press
right to arms
right to assembly
right to bare arms
right to bare arms.
right to bear arms
right to bear arms - 2nd amendment
right to bear arms.
right to free speech
right to free speech, with limitations.
right to liberty
right to life
right to open speech
right to own arms
right to petition the government.
right to pursue happiness.
right to religion and the free exercise thereof
right to religious freedom
right to vote
said that the original 13 colonies regarded themselves as separate states and no longer a part of britain.
say the colonies will no longer be subjects to the crown of england
search for a faster route to china/asia.
search for a new life/place to practice their puritan religion with prosecution.
search of land.
sec of defense
sec of state
secede from britain control.
secession from britain
secratary of the state
secretary
secretary of defense
secretary of defense\nsecretary of defence
secretary of state
secretary of state.
secretary of state?
secretary of state?  not sure on this one.
secretary of the state
secretary of the state or house speaker
secretary of the state.
secretary something
secretary?
secrteay of defense
seeking a better life
seeking new economic opportunities
seeking religious freedom
senate
senate and house of represenatives
senate and house of representatives
senate and house of representatives with presidents approval
senate and the house of representatives
senate head
senate majority leader
senate pro temp
senate speaker
senate, house of representatives, congress
senate?
separate from england.
separate the colonies from great britain
separate the united states from england
separate the us from britain
separated the colonies from british control.
separated the colonies from british rule.
separated the colonies from england
separated the u.s from british rule
separation of church and state
separation of us from gb
seperated the us from europe.
set america up as a separate country apart from great britain
set forth the problems that the colonies had with the british crown, and declared that the united states was a new nation.
set rules/rights so that the people have rights to stand up too
set the us independent from great britian
severed ties with britain and made america its own nation.
severed ties with the english government
showed our determination to split from the united kingdom
size
size of population
size of the population
slavery
so that their numbers reflect their population better
so they could freely practice their religion?
some came for religious purposes, whether it be freedom to practice their religion or disagreement with the church of england
some get more representatives because of their population.
some states are bigger than others
some states have a higher population than others
some states have more citizens than others.
some states have more people in the house than other states
some states have more residents than other states and thus have similarly scaled representatives.
sort of nothing, but it announced revolt from the british crown by the american colonies.
speak of the house
speaker
speaker of congress.
speaker of house
speaker of teh house
speaker of the house
speaker of the house of congress
speaker of the house of representatives
speaker of the house of representatives assumes control until a new election can determine a successor.
speaker of the house of representatives.
speaker of the house of representatives?
speaker of the house of representativies
speaker of the house of represntatives
speaker of the house!
speaker of the house.
speaker of the house.....?
speaker of the house...?
speaker of the house?
speaker of the senate
speaker of the senate?
speech
split from england and created the new country.
spoeaker of house
spread religion
stands for the original 13 colonies.
start a new life (many were outcasts)
started the revolutionary war
state
state america's independence from britain
state legislation (legislators)
stated that the american colonies were to be independent from great britain. gb no longer controlled the us.
states have different populations
states policy
states with higher populations have more representatives
states with higher populations have more representatives than do states with smaller populations.
states with more people get more representatives in the house.
stock exchange
stock market? or businesses
stripes represent 13 original states
supply v/s demand
supposed to be: capitalist. actually: corporate-controled fascism.
supreme
supreme court
supreme court and the judicial branch
supreme court.
supreme court? they at least verify if federal laws are constitutional
symbolic document that galvanized the colonial secession movement
symbolize the 13 original colonies
symbolize the original colonies
symbolizes the original 13 states
taxation without representation
taxes
tell england that the colonies wanted to form their own country
tell england that we did not want to be a part of their country
tell england that we want/ are independent
tell the british that america was now independent of them
that number represents the colonies
that signifies the thirteen original colonies.
that the american colonies were claiming independence from england
that's how many states made up the union at the start of america's independence
that's not a question with a simple answer, but mostly a liberal market economy
the 13 colonies that made up the usa when it first formed
the 13 original colonies
the 13 original colonies.
the 13 original states
the 13 stripes represent the first 13 colonies.
the 13 stripes represent the original 13 colonies and the first 13 states of the union.
the 13 stripes represent the original 13 states.
the 3 branches of the government
the amount of citizens in a state corresponds to the amount of representatives from that state.
the amount of confederate states
the amount of representatives is based on population
the bill of right
the bill of rights
the bill of rights.
the branches of government.
the colonies
the colonies announced that they were not a part of britain anymore
the colonists came to america to have freedom to live the way they wanted.
the congress
the constitution
the declaration of independence
the declaration of independence announced that the us was its own country and no longer part of the uk.
the declaration of independence gave all men (and women) the right to life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness
the declaration of independence gave all men (and women) the right to life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness and declared that all are created equal.
the declaration on independence let king george of england know that we were no longer under his rule.
the declaration proclaimed the 13 colonies were free of governance of great britain.
the declartion of independence was a document that made all people equal and started a country that was by the people for the people.
the department of legislation
the dollar
the dollar bill.
the dollar.
the economic system is devised of many types of things such as national banks, money backing system and the irs.
the electoral college
the executive
the executive branch
the executive.
the federal government
the first 13 colonies of america
the first 5 are the bill of rights
the first amendment is right to free speech.
the first amendments
the first ten amendments
the first ten amentmends to the u.s. constitution.
the founding fathers
the founding fathers decided that even though the colonies where one of the wealthiest places on earth and people where starving in britania, it would be more profitable to not pay taxes.
the freedom of speech
the freedom of speech.
the freedom of the press
the freedom to practice their religion without prosecution
the government
the have a higher population
the head of the house of representatives
the head of the senate, can't remember the title
the house
the house and congress
the house and senate
the house and senate, signed into law by the president
the house members are determined by the population that state
the house of representatives
the house of representatives, us senate
the house, the senate and the president
the judicial
the judicial branch.
the judicial branch. the state and senate.
the larger the population the larger the representatives are.
the larger the state the more representatives
the leader of congress
the leader of the senate
the legislative (congress and the senate)
the legislative branch
the legislative branch (congress)
the legislative branch - congress and the president
the legislative branch along with laws passed by congress / president
the legislative branch formed by congress, composed of the senate and the house of representatives.
the legislative branch makes national laws by writing bills.
the legislative branch of government.  house of representatives and the senate
the legislative branch of the government (senate and house of representatives)
the legislative branch writes the laws and the judicial branch enforces them.
the legislative branch, also known as congress
the legislative branch, composed of the house of representatives and the senate.
the legislative branch, i.e. house of representatives and the senate
the legislative branch, including the house of representatives and the senate. the president also plays a role in that he has the ability to veto and introduce legislation.
the legislative branch.
the legislative branch?
the legislature
the legistative
the market system
the military general
the minority whip
the number is determined by each state's population
the number of congressmen elected to the house of representatives is determined by the population of each individual state
the number of representatives a state has is based on the state's population
the number of representatives is based on population.
the number of representatives is determined by population
the number of representatives is determined by population.
the number of representatives is distributed proportionally by state population.
the number of representatives to the us house of representatives is determined by the population of the state.
the number of the founding states/colonies
the original 13 coloies
the original 13 colonies
the original 13 colonies.
the original 13 colonies/states
the original colonies
the original constitution....our basic rights?
the original thirteen colonies
the original thirteen colonies represent the 13 stripes.
the people
the person who would become president is the secretary of the army.
the plymouth separatists sought to gain freedom to worship as they saw fit.
the population
the population density
the population is greater in those states
the population is higher
the preamble
the president
the president and his cabinet.
the president of the united states
the president pro tempore
the president signs a bill in to law. however congress is who proposes them.
the president signs them in
the press
the representatives are proportional to states' populations
the representatives is dependent on the number of people in the state that are being represented.
the right of assembly
the right of free speech
the right to assemble
the right to assemble peacefully
the right to bare arms
the right to bare arms.
the right to bear arms
the right to bear arms (the second amendment). this is the right to own guns.
the right to bear arms 2nd ammendment
the right to bear arms, freedom of speech, trial by jury, i don't remember the rest
the right to bear arms.
the right to free speech
the right to free speech.
the right to freedom of religion, assembly, press, petition
the right to pursue happiness
the right to remain silent.
the secretary
the secretary of something
the secretary of state
the secretary of state.
the senate
the senate & the house
the senate and house of representatives vote in laws that are proposed by the president\n\nthe president can choose to accept or veto laws proposed by the house and senate
the senate and house of representatives.
the senate majority leader
the senate president pro tempore
the senate, house of representatives, the president.
the senate/house vote on bills presented to them and the president approves thm
the senate?
the size
the size of the population
the speaker of the house
the speaker of the house (currently john boehner)
the speaker of the house is elected.
the speaker of the house of representative
the speaker of the house of representatives
the speaker of the house of representatives.
the speaker of the house would then become president
the speaker of the house.
the speaker of the us house.
the state with more representatives has a greater population
the statement of how the free country would be run
the states population factors this.
the states with more representatives have more people than the ones with less representatives.
the stock market
the stripes represent the 13 original colonies that signed the declaration of independence.
the stripes represent the 13 original colonies.
the stripes represent the original 13 colonies
the stripes represent the original 13 colonies!!!
the stripes represent the original 13 colony
the supreme court
the supreme court, the senate and house and the president
the ten amendments.
the ten commandments?
the thirteen original colonies
the thirteen stripes represent the original 13 colonies.
the top person in the house of representatives.
the u.s. became independent from great britain.
the u.s. congress.
the united sates congress (house of representatives and the senate)
the united states congress makes laws which are then approved by the president.
the us congress
the us dollar.
the us marketing system for finances and resources
the white house.
the...highest ranking military officer?
their population is higher
their population is larger
their populations are bigger
there are more people in that particular state.
there are more people there
there were 13 colonies that rebelled against england and became the united states of america
there were 13 original colonies
there were originally 13 colonies
these states have higher population
they are a us citizens basic rights.
they are bigger
they are bigger states
they are larger
they are larger in population
they are more populous states.
they came to america for freedom of religion.
they didnt like england
they have a bigger population
they have a greater amount of people living in the state
they have a greater population
they have a greater population than others.
they have a higher population
they have a higher population of people.
they have a higher population.
they have a larger population
they have a larger population.
they have bigger populations
they have bigger populations, thus more people to represent.
they have greater population
they have higher population
they have higher populations
they have higher populations than other states.
they have higher populations.
they have larger populations
they have larger populations.
they have moe people
they have more districts
they have more electoral votes
they have more people
they have more people in them
they have more people in those states
they have more population
they represent the 13 colonies
they represent the 13 original colonies
they represent the 13 original colonies.
they represent the first 13 original colonies (and thus states)
they represent the original 13 colonies
they represent the original 13 colonies.
they represent the original colonies
they represent the original thirteen colonies
they represent the thirteen original colonies
they represent the thirteen original colonies of the united states
they stand for the 13 colonies.
they stand for the 13 original colonies
they stand for the 13 original colonies.
they stand for the original 13 colonies.
they stand fortthe original 13 colonies
they thought there was more money in america.
they wanted a new life.
they wanted freedom from religious persecution.
they wanted freedom of religion.
they wanted religious freedom
they wanted their own land.
they wanted to have the freedom to practice their own religion.
they wanted to practice their religion freely.
they were being religiously persecuted.
they were for the 13 states we had at the time
they were forced to leave england because of their religion
they were gambling on getting rich
they were heading to find freedoms.
they were oppressed by the british government
they were promised free/cheap land.
they were puritanical.
they were searching for the new world
they were seeking more religious freedom
they were seeking religious freedom.
they were the second sons, who were not able to inherit title or property under english custom.
they're based on population, more populous states will have more representatives
they're more populated
thirteen colonies that declared independence
thirteen original colonies
thirteen original colonies.
those states have a bigger population
those states have more of a population than others.
those states have more people
those states have more people in them.
tied to population
tired of britain and the opportunity for land.
to avoid religious persecution
to avoid religious persecution during/after the reformation
to avoid religious persecution.
to be able to practice their religion of choice
to be free
to be free from the oppression of the monarchy.
to bear arm
to bear arms
to break away from the church in great britain
to colonize new land
to commemorate the original 13 colonies
to commerate the original 13 colonies
to create a new colony
to create plantations
to discover new land
to escape britains tyranny
to escape british rule
to escape british taxation.
to escape english tyranny.
to escape from the british
to escape oppression in england
to escape persecution in britain
to escape persecution.
to escape religious oppression
to escape religious oppression.
to escape religious persecution
to escape religious persecution in england
to escape religious persecution in england.
to escape religious persecution.
to escape religious prosecution
to escape religious tyranny
to escape religious tyranny.
to escape religious tyranny.  ironic, right?
to escape taxation without representation
to escape taxes
to escape the british empire.
to escape the british reign
to escape the monarchical structure of government.
to escape the taxation and monarchist control of england
to escape the tyranny in britain? be able to practice a different religon
to escape the tyranny of king george
to escape tyranny in england
to escape unfair taxation and the central banking structure
to establish colonies
to establish their own colony away from british rule
to expand britain
to explore and claim the new world
to explore the land of the usa
to find a better land
to find a better way of life.
to find a place to practice their religion without persecution
to find a quicker easier route to trade goods to and from india
to find better economic prospects
to find gold
to find more land
to find opportunity.
to find religeous freedom.
to find religious freedom
to flee religious oppression
to flee religious persecution
to flee religous persecution in europe
to free speech
to freedom of religion
to gain freedom from the church
to gain freedom of religion.
to gain independence
to get a freedom to practice any  religion they wished.
to get away from britain
to get away from disease
to get away from england
to get away from english religion.
to get away from forced religion
to get away from high and unfair taxes.
to get away from high taxes
to get away from religious persecution
to get away from the european empire
to get away from tyranny.
to get money
to get rich
to grow tobacco
to have a different way of government than that of europe
to have more freedom
to have religious freedom
to have the freedom to worship in their own way.
to make a new life for themselves without being persecuted
to make money
to practice freedom of religion
to practice freedom of religion.
to practice religion freely
to practice their religion freely
to practice their strict religion
to protect free speech
to pursue freedom of religion
to pursue religious freedom
to pursue religious freedoms.
to represent minority groups.
to represent our original 13 states?
to represent the 13 colonies
to represent the 13 colonies.
to represent the 13 original colonies
to represent the 13 original colonies.
to represent the 13 original colonies/states.
to represent the colonies
to represent the first 13 colonies/states
to represent the first 13 states
to represent the first colonies.
to represent the original 13 colonies
to represent the original 13 colonies of the united states
to represent the original 13 colonies.
to represent the original 13 states (colonies)
to represent the original colonies
to represent the original colonies that formed the us.
to represent the original us colonies
to represent the thirteen original colonies
to represent the thirteen original colonies.
to search for resources and money
to seek freedom from the catholic church
to seek religious freedom
to separate from great britain
to settle british colonies.
to settle land
to settle land for england
to signify the 13 original colonies
to signify the original 13 colonies.
to start a new beginning
to symbolize the 13 colonies
to symbolize the original 13 colonies
told england that we were no longer one of their subjects.
told the british that we were no longer one of their colonies, and were going to separate from them.
too many people in europe!
trade system
treasurer
trying to get to the other side of europe (the continent they were on)
united states congress (legislative branch)
united the original colonies and to recognize we were our own state.
unsure
us congress
us constitution
us house, and the us senate
us legislature
us secretary
very little
vice vice president
wanted religious freedom
was a statement adopted by the continental congress on july 4, 1776, which announced that the thirteen american colonies, then at war with great britain, regarded themselves as independent states, and no longer a part of the british empire
was a written document that officially declared our independence from britain.
we broke from england's rule
we declared independence from great britain.
we learn in school that they came to escape religious prosecution, but qi says they came so they could prosecute.
we pay taxes, politicians pocket most of it
which ones? the norse who navigated their way to kensington, minnesota? the dutch traders at staten island? the british seeking religious freedom? all came to seek new economic opportunities- this is a vague question.
